barthez;Fabien Barthez; French former footballer and racing driver who played as a goalkeeper with Toulouse, Marseille, AS Monaco, Manchester United, Nantes and the France national team, with whom he won the 1998 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2000, and reached the final of the 2006 World Cup.

He shares the record for the most World Cup finals clean sheets with Peter Shilton, with ten.
In club football, he won the UEFA Champions League as well as several Ligue 1 and Premier League titles.
After retiring from football in 2007, Barthez began a career in motorsport in 2008.%


batistuta;Gabriel Batistuta;d Argentine professional footballer.

After beginning his career in Argentina in 1988, where he won titles playing for Newell's Old Boys, River Plate, and subsequently Boca Juniors, the prolific striker played most of his club football with Fiorentina in Italy.
He is the twelfth-highest scorer of all-time in the Italian Serie A, with 184 goals in 318 matches.
He is also known for being the first inductee of Norwegian podcast Heia Fotball's Glory Hall.%


benteke;Christian Benteke;Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Crystal Palace and the Belgium national team.

He began his career at Standard Liège, playing a part in their 2008–09 Belgian First Division triumph.
Following a season at Genk he was signed for £7 million by Aston Villa.
He scored 49 goals in 100 matches for Villa across all competitions, including 19 Premier League goals in his debut season and helping them to the 2015 FA Cup Final, before transferring to Liverpool in 2015 for £32.5 million.%


bergkamp;Dennis Bergkamp;Former Dutch professional footballer, who is the assistant manager at Ajax.

Originally a wide midfielder, He was moved to main striker and then to second striker, where he remained throughout his playing career.
He has been described by Jan Mulder as having "the finest technique" of any Dutch international and a "dream for a striker" by teammate Thierry Henry.%


dunga;dunga; Brazilian football manager and former professional footballer of Italian and German descent, who played as a defensive midfielder.

Under He's captaincy, Brazil went on to win the 1994 FIFA World Cup. Along with Xavi, he is one of only two men to have played in a World Cup, Olympic Games, Confederations Cup and continental championship final.
He was head coach of Brazil twice. In his first time from 2006 to 2010, he led them to win the 2007 Copa América and the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup, and to the quarter-finals of the 2010 FIFA World Cup, after which he was dismissed by the Brazilian Football Confederation.
Being appointed in 2014 for a second time, the early elimination of Brazil in Copa América Centenario determined his dismissal in June 2016.
He was also head coach of Internacional in 2013.%


effenberg;Stefan Effenberg;Retired German footballer who last managed SC Paderborn.

A midfielder, he possessed leadership skills, fantastic passing range, powerful shooting ability, physical strength, but also a fearsome and controversial character.
In the Bundesliga alone – where he represented Bayern Munich most notably, in six seasons and in two different spells – He collected 109 yellow cards, an all-time worst at the time of his retirement.%


eusebio;eusebio;Portuguese footballer who played as a striker.

He is considered by many as one of the greatest footballers of all time.
During his professional career, he scored 749 goals in 745 matches at club level and 41 goals for his national team, a total of 790 goals.
Nicknamed the Black Panther, the Black Pearl, or o Rei(the King), he was known for his speed, technique, athleticism and his ferocious right-footed shot, making him a prolific goalscorer.
He is considered S.L. Benfica's and the Portugal national team's most renowned player and one of the first world-class African-born players.%


ferdinand;Rio Ferdinand; English former professional footballer and current television pundit for BT Sport who played as a centre-back.

He played 81 times for the England national football team between 1997 and 2011, and was a member of three FIFA World Cup squads.
He is regarded by many to be one of England's greatest ever players and he is one of the most decorated English footballers of all time.
He joined Manchester United in July 2002 for around £30 million, breaking the transfer fee record once more. He won the Premier League, his first major club honour, in a successful first season at the club.%


sammer;Matthias Sammer;Retired German footballer and coach who last worked as sporting director of Bayern Munich. He played as a defensive midfielder, and later in his career as a sweeper.

With Borussia Dortmund as a player, he won the Bundesliga and DFL-Supercup in 1995, the Bundesliga, DFL-Supercup, and European Footballer of the Year in 1996, and the UEFA Champions League and Intercontinental Cup in 1997.
With Germany as a player, he won the UEFA Euro 1996, where he was named the tournament's best player, and was subsequently awarded the Ballon d'Or later that year. Sammer retired with 74 total caps, 23 for East Germany and 51 for the unified side.%

gullit;Ruud Gullit;Dutch football manager and former footballer who played professionally in the 1980s and 1990s as a midfielder or forward.

He was the captain of the Netherlands national team that was victorious at UEFA Euro 1988 and was also a member of the squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup and Euro 1992.
At club level, in 1987 he moved from PSV to Milan for a world record transfer fee.
Easily recognizable with his distinctive dreadlocks, he was part of the famed Dutch trio at Milan which included Marco van Basten and Frank Rijkaard.%


kalou;Salomon Kalou; Ivorian footballer who plays as a striker and winger for German club Hertha BSC and the Ivory Coast national team.

He previously played for Feyenoord from 2003 to 2006 and Chelsea from 2006 to 2012.
While at Chelsea he won numerous honours, including the Premier League, the UEFA Champions League, four FA Cups and the League Cup.
He moved to Lille on a free transfer in July 2012 upon the expiry of his contract at Chelsea, where he spent two seasons before moving to Hertha for an undisclosed fee.%


lineker;Gary Lineker; English retired footballer and current sports broadcaster.

He holds England's record for goals in FIFA World Cup finals, with 10 scored.
He began his football career at Leicester City and finished as the First Division's joint top goalscorer in 1984–85.
He then moved to League Champions Everton where he developed as a clinical finisher, scoring 30 goals in 41 games.
His first team honours came at Barcelona, where he won the Copa del Rey in 1988 and the European Cup Winners' Cup in 1989.
He returned to England in 1989, joining Tottenham Hotspur, and over three seasons he scored 67 goals in 105 games and won the FA Cup.
He's final club was Nagoya Grampus Eight and he retired in 1994 after two seasons at the Japanese side.%


maldini;paolo maldini; Italian former professional footballer who played as a left back and central defender for A.C. Milan and the Italy national team.

He spent all 25 seasons of his career in the Serie A with Milan, before retiring at the age of 41 in 2009.
He won 23 trophies with Milan while in the squad: the UEFA Champions League five times, seven Serie A titles, one Coppa Italia, three Supercoppa Italiana titles, four European Super Cups, two Intercontinental Cups and one FIFA Club World Cup.%


mancini;roberto mancini;Italian football manager and former player, who is currently the manager of Zenit Saint Petersburg.

As a player, He played as a deep-lying forward, and was best known for his time at Sampdoria, where he played more than 550 matches, and helped the team win the Serie A league title, four Coppa Italia titles, and the European Cup Winners' Cup.
He was capped 36 times for Italy, taking part at UEFA Euro 1988 and the 1990 FIFA World Cup, achieving semi-final finishes in both tournaments.
In 1997, after 15 years at Sampdoria, He left the club to join Lazio, where he won a further Scudetto, as well as the Cup Winners' Cup, the UEFA Super Cup and two more Coppa Italia titles.%


maradona;Diego Maradona;Argentine retired professional footballer.

He has served as a manager and coach at other clubs as well as the national team of Argentina. Many in the sport, including football writers, players, and fans, regard He as the greatest football player of all time.
He was joint FIFA Player of the 20th Century with Pelé.
An advanced playmaker who operated in the classic number 10 position, He is the first player in football history to set the world record transfer fee twice, first when he transferred to Barcelona for a then world record £5 million, and second, when he transferred to Napoli for another record fee £6.9 million.
He played for Argentinos Juniors, Boca Juniors, Barcelona, Napoli, Sevilla and Newell's Old Boys during his club career, and is most famous for his time at Napoli, where he won numerous accolades.
In his international career with Argentina, he earned 91 caps and scored 34 goals.%


morientes;fernando morientes;Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker, and a current manager.

He played for a number of clubs during his career, including Real Madrid, Monaco, Liverpool and Valencia. In La Liga, he scored 124 goals in 337 games over the course of 15 seasons.
He earned 11 major honours with the first club, including three Champions League trophies.
He played 47 times for the Spain national team, representing the country in two World Cups (totalling five goals) and one European Championship.%


rivaldo;rivaldo;Brazilian former professional footballer and the current president of Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube in Brazil.

He played mainly as an attacking midfielder but also as a second striker. Although primarily left footed, he was capable of playing on either flank, and was on occasion deployed as a wide midfielder or as a winger.
One of the most skillful and creative players of his generation, Rivaldo was renowned for his bending free kicks, overhead kicks, technique, ball striking from distance, and ability to both score and create goals.
In 1999, he won the Ballon d'Or and was named FIFA World Player of the Year.
In 2004, he was named by Pelé in the FIFA 100 list of the world's greatest living players.%


romario;romario; Brazilian politician, who previously achieved worldwide fame as a professional footballer.

A prolific striker renowned for his clinical finishing, he is regarded as one of the greatest forwards of all time.
He starred for Brazil in their 1994 FIFA World Cup triumph, receiving the FIFA Golden Ball as player of the tournament.
He was named FIFA World Player of the Year the same year. He came fifth in the FIFA Player of the Century internet poll in 1999, was elected to the FIFA World Cup Dream Team in 2002, and was named in the FIFA 100 list of the world's greatest living players in 2004.%


rummenigge;Karl Heinz Rummenigge;German former football player.

He had his greatest career success with German club Bayern Munich, where he won the Intercontinental Cup, the European Cup, as well as two league titles and two domestic cups.
A member of the West Germany national team, He won the 1980 European Championship and was part of the squad that finished runner-up in the 1982 FIFA World Cup and at the 1986 World Cup.
He was also honoured twice as European Footballer of the Year.
He is currently the chief executive officer of the FC Bayern München AG, a daughter company of Bundesliga team Bayern Munich, as well as being the chairman of the European Club Association.%


schmeichel;Peter Schmeichel;Danish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and was voted the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper in 1992 and 1993.

He is best remembered for his most successful years at English club Manchester United, whom he captained to the 1999 UEFA Champions League to complete the Treble, and for winning UEFA Euro 1992 with Denmark.%
