chiellini;giorgio chiellini; Italian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Serie A club Juventus and the Italian national team.

A physically strong, aggressive, and versatile defender, although he is usually deployed as a centre-back, he is also capable of playing as a left-back, both in a three or four-man defence.%


davidsilva;david silva;Spanish professional footballer who plays for English club Manchester City and the Spain national team.

He plays mainly as an attacking midfielder but can also play as a winger or second striker. He is predominantly a left-footed player.%

eriksen;Christian Eriksen; Danish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for English club Tottenham Hotspur and the Denmark national team.

He made his debut for the Denmark national team in March 2010, and was the youngest player of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa.%


forlan;diego forlan;Uruguayan footballer.

He is a two-time winner of both the Pichichi Trophy and the European Golden Shoe, and also received the Golden Ball as the best player at the 2010 World Cup. He is regarded as one of the greatest Uruguayan players of all time.%


garycahill;gary cahill;English professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Premier League club Chelsea and the England national team.

He is the captain of Chelsea and vice-captain of England.
He is an England international with over 50 caps and represented the nation at the 2014 FIFA World Cup. He was eligible to play for either England or the Republic of Ireland, but chose to play for England.%

gotze;mario gotze;German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for German Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund and the Germany national team.

Although his favoured position is that of a playmaker, he can also be deployed as a striker or winger.
He is considered to be one of the sport's best young players, possessing speed, technique, dribbling skills, and playmaking capabilities. In 2010, German Football Association's then technical director Matthias Sammer described Götze as "one of the best talents Germany has ever had."%


hamsik;marek hamsik;Slovak professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder and serves as the captain for Italian club Napoli, and the Slovakia national team, for which he is vice-captain.

For his performances, he has also won several individual awards: he is a six-time winner of the Slovak Footballer of the Year Award, and he was named Serie A Young Footballer of the Year in 2008. In 2011 and 2016, he was named to the Serie A Team of the Year.%


howard;tim howard;American soccer player who captains the MLS club Colorado Rapids and plays for the United States national team as a goalkeeper.

He is the most capped goalkeeper of all-time for the United States men's national team, with over 100 caps since his debut in 2002.%


isco;isco;Spanish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Real Madrid[1] and the Spain national team.

He began his career at Valencia, playing mainly in its reserve team, before joining Málaga in 2011.
His performances at Malaga earned him the Golden Boy award in 2012, and a €30 million move to Real Madrid in June 2013.%


kaka;kaka; Brazilian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Orlando City in Major League Soccer and the Brazil national team.

He is widely considered one of the best players of his generation. He was nominated three times to both the FIFPro World XI and the UEFA Team of the Year. In 2010, he was named to the A.C. Milan Hall of Fame.
In 2017, ESPN ranked Kaká eighteenth on its list of the world's most famous athletes. He was the first sportsperson to amass 10 million followers on Twitter.%


lacazette;Alexandre Lacazette;French footballer who plays as a striker for English club Arsenal and the France national team.

Features of his game include goalscoring, dribbling and pace. Out of possession, he presses the opposition and uses his strong tackling ability to win the ball.%


lukaku;romelu lukaku;Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Manchester United and the Belgium national team.

He is one of only five players to score 50 Premier League goals before his 23rd birthday, and the fourth player (and first foreigner) to score 80 before his 24th birthday.%


mandzukic;mario mandzukic;Croatian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Juventus and the Croatia national team.

Besides being a prolific goalscorer, he is known for his great defensive contribution and aerial power.%


marcelo;marcelo;Brazilian professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team.

He plays mainly at left back but can also operate as a left winger.
After his breakthrough season, he was praised by football legends such as Paolo Maldini and Diego Maradona, who also called him the best in his position.%


minson;Son Heung min;South Korean professional footballer who plays as a winger or a forward for Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur and the South Korea national team.

He finished his development at Hamburger SV, where he made his debut in the German Bundesliga in 2010. In 2013, he moved to Bayer Leverkusen for a club record €10 million, and played for the club in the UEFA Europa League and UEFA Champions League.
Two years later, he signed for Tottenham for £22 million, becoming the most expensive Asian player in history.%

morata;alvaro morata;Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Chelsea and the Spain national team.

He began his career at Real Madrid, making his debut with the senior team in late 2010 and going on to appear in 52 official games (11 goals), notably winning the 2014 Champions League.
He moved to Juventus for €20 million in 2014, winning the domestic double of Serie A and Coppa Italia in both of his seasons before being bought back for €30 million.%


giggs;ryan giggs;Welsh football coach and former player who is the co-owner of Salford City. He played his entire professional career for Manchester United.

He is the most decorated player in football history. During his time at United, he won 13 Premier League winner's medals, four FA Cup winner's medals, three League Cup winner's medals, two UEFA Champions League winner's medals, a FIFA Club World Cup winners medal, an Intercontinental Cup winner's medal, a UEFA Super Cup winner's medal and nine FA Community Shield winner's medals.
He captained the team on numerous occasions, particularly in the 2007–08 season when regular captain Gary Neville was ruled out with various injuries.%


sterling;Raheem Sterling;Professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Manchester City and the England national team.

He received the Golden Boy award for 2014 from a pan-European panel of sports journalists, recognising him as the best under-21 player playing in Europe.
A 2015 professional study by Soccerex ranked him as the most valuable young player in Europe, with a value of €49 million.%


thiago;thiago silva;Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for and captains both, Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Brazil national team.

After moving to Europe to join Milan in 2009, Silva established himself as one of the highest rated defenders in the world, winning the Serie A title with the Rossoneri in the 2010–11 season. In July 2012, Paris Saint-Germain signed him for a reported €42 million.%


turan;arda turan;Turkish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Spanish club FC Barcelona.

He is mostly known for his ball control, dribbling skills and vision. At age 21, prior to the 2009–10 season, he was named captain of Galatasaray.
He is also the first Turkish footballer to win the La Liga title, achieving this in the 2013–14 season.%
