costacurta;alessandro costacurta; Italian football manager and a former professional defender, who usually played as a centre back.

Throughout his club career, He spent over twenty years with Milan between 1986 and 2007, as well as a brief season-long spell on loan at Monza.
He is best known for his role alongside Franco Baresi, Paolo Maldini and Mauro Tassotti, forming one of the greatest defences in Serie A and European football during the late 1980s and 1990s, under the success of managers Arrigo Sacchi and Fabio Capello.
He mainly operated as a central defender, and was a leading exponent of the position, receiving International acclaim, winning 7 Serie A titles and 5 Champions League/European Cup trophies throughout his career, along with many other trophies.
He retired from professional football at the age of 41, on 19 May 2007. In his final match for Milan, he scored a goal from a penalty in a 3–2 defeat against Udinese, becoming the oldest goalscorer in Serie A.%


dalglish;kenny dalglish;Scottish former footballer and manager.

In a career spanning 22 years, he played for Celtic and Liverpool, winning numerous honours with both.
He is Scotland's most capped player of all time with 102 appearances, and also Scotland's joint-leading goal scorer, with 30 goals.
He won the Ballon d'Or Silver Award in 1983, the PFA Player of the Year in 1983, and the FWA Footballer of the Year in 1979 and 1983.
In 2009 FourFourTwo named him as the greatest striker in post-war British football, and in 2006 he topped a Liverpool fans' poll of "100 Players Who Shook the Kop".
He has been inducted into both the Scottish and English Football Halls of Fame.%


deboer;Frank de Boer; Dutch football manager and former player. He is the current manager of Premier League club Crystal Palace.

A former defender, He spent most of his professional playing career with Ajax, winning five Eredivisie titles, two KNVB Cups, one UEFA Cup and one UEFA Champions League. He later spent five years at Barcelona, where he won the 1998–99 La Liga title, before retiring after short spells at Galatasaray, Rangers, Al-Rayyan and Al-Shamal.
He is the most capped outfield player in the history of the Netherlands national team, with 112 caps.
He captained the Oranje to the semi-finals of both the 1998 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2000.%


deschamps;Didier Deschamps;French footballer and current manager of the France national football team.

He played as a defensive midfielder for several clubs, in France, Italy, England, and Spain, such as Marseille, Juventus, Chelsea and Valencia, as well as Nantes and Bordeaux.
Nicknamed "the water-carrier" by former France team-mate Eric Cantona, He was an intelligent and hard-working defensive midfielder who excelled at winning back possession and subsequently starting attacking plays, and also stood out for his leadership throughout his career.
As a French international, he was capped on 103 occasions and took part at three UEFA European Football Championships and one FIFA World Cup, captaining his nation to victories in the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000.%


dinobaggio;Dino Baggio;Italian former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.

Throughout his club career, he won the UEFA Cup three times, twice with Parma and once with Juventus.
He obtained 60 caps at international level for Italy, and was part of the team that reached the final of the 1994 FIFA World Cup.
He later also represented Italy at UEFA Euro 1996, and at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.%


distefano;alfredo di stefano;He is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time and is best-known for his achievements with Real Madrid, where he was instrumental in the club's domination of the European Champions' Cup and La Liga during the 1950s.

Along with Francisco Gento and José María Zárraga, he was one of only three players to play a part in all five victories, scoring goals in each of the five finals.
He played international football mostly for Spain after moving to Madrid, but he also played for Argentina and Colombia.
He, nicknamed "Saeta rubia" ("Blond Arrow"), was a powerful, quick, skillful, and prolific forward, with great stamina, tactical versatility, creativity, and vision, who could also play almost anywhere on the pitch.
He is currently the sixth highest scorer in the history of Spain's top division, and Real Madrid's third highest league goalscorer of all time, with 216 goals in 282 league matches between 1953 and 1964. He is Madrid's leading goalscorer in the history of El Clásico.%


ferrara;Ciro Ferrara;Italian former footballer and manager.

His most recent position was as manager of Sampdoria, although he also previously coached Juventus and the Italy national under-21 team.
As an assistant coach to Marcello Lippi, he won the 2006 FIFA World Cup with Italy senior team.
He spent his playing career as a defender, initially at Napoli and later on at Juventus, winning seven total Serie A titles as well as other domestic and international trophies.
At international level, he represented Italy at the 1988 Summer Olympics, at two UEFA European Championships, in 1988 and 2000, and at the 1990 World Cup.%


garrincha;garrincha; Brazilian footballer who played right winger and forward.

He is regarded by many in the sport to be one of the best dribblers in football history.
The word garrincha itself means wren. He was also known as Mané (short for Manuel) by his friends.
Due to his immense popularity in Brazil, he was also called Alegria do Povo (People's Joy) and Anjo de Pernas Tortas (Bent-Legged Angel).
In 1958 and 1962, He won the FIFA World Cup with the Brazil national team.
At the 1962 tournament, with Pelé out injured, he led the team to victory, received the World Cup Golden Ball for player of the tournament, the Golden Boot as leading goalscorer, and was named in the World Cup All-Star Team. In 1994, he was named in the FIFA World Cup All-Time Team.
Brazil never lost a match while fielding him and Pelé.%


gascoigne;paul gascoigne;Former England international footballer and football manager. He is also known by his nickname, Gazza. He earned 57 caps during his England career and has been described by the National Football Museum as "the most naturally gifted English midfielder of his generation".

Born and raised in Gateshead, the midfielder signed schoolboy terms with Newcastle United, before turning professional with the top tier (pre-Premier League creation) club in 1985.
Three years later he was sold on to Tottenham Hotspur for a £2.2 million fee. He won the FA Cup with Spurs in 1991, before he was sold to Italian club Lazio for £5.5 million the following year.
In July 1995, he was transferred to Rangers for £4.3 million, and helped the club to two league titles and two trophies. He returned to England in a £3.4 million move to Middlesbrough in March 1998.
He made his debut in the Premier League in the 1998–99 season, having already featured in the 1998 Football League Cup Final. He switched to Everton in July 2000, and later had spells with Burnley, Gansu Tianma (China), and Boston United.%


gerdmuller;gerd muller;German retired footballer. A prolific striker renowned for his clinical finishing, especially in and around the six-yard box, he is regarded as one of the greatest goalscorers of all time.

At international level with West Germany, he scored 68 goals in 62 appearances, and at club level, after 15 years with Bayern Munich, he scored a record 365 goals in 427 Bundesliga games and an international record of 66 goals in 74 European club games.
Averaging more than a goal a game with West Germany, He is now 12th on the list of all time international goalscorers, despite playing fewer matches than every other player in the top 25.
Among the top scorers, he has the third-highest goal-to-game ratio.%


hierro;fernando hierro;Spanish retired footballer, and a current coach. He is mostly known for his spells with Real Madrid and Spain, appearing in more than 500 official games with the former and representing the latter on nearly 90 occasions, while appearing in four World Cups and two European Championships.

Equally at ease as a central defender, sweeper or defensive midfielder, he had the ability, at his peak, to combine solid defensive play with a near-unlimited passing range and surprising goalscoring talent, which made him one of the world's most sought-after players.
With Real Madrid, he won five La Liga and three UEFA Champions League trophies over the course of nearly 15 years.%


higuita;rene higuita;retired Colombian football goalkeeper. He was nicknamed El Loco ("The Madman") for his high-risk 'sweeper-keeper' playing style and his flair for the dramatic.

He's style of play, which was first shown to a global audience during the 1990 FIFA World Cup, was pioneering in influencing goalkeepers to take more responsibility for situations further from the goal.
IFFHS ranked Him the 8th best keeper in South American history. His most notable moment being the scorpion kick save.%


larsson;henrik larsson;Swedish football coach and former professional player. He was known as a striker whose main attributes were his goal scoring prowess and on-field intelligence.

He began his career with Högaborg. A minor club, but also a club which at the time was known to have a good education of young players, and he has ever since he left this club, stressed how important this club has been not only for his football, but also for his adult life in general.
In late 1991 did he move to Helsingborg (the main club of his home city), where he soon became the key player. Mats Magnusson did later join his new club, and after 24 seasons in lower tiers did this club return to Allsvenskan for the 1993 season.
He continued there also for this season, but then moved to Feyenoord in November. There he stayed for four years before leaving in 1997.
During his time in the Dutch Eredivisie he finished in third place at the 1994 FIFA World Cup with Sweden, alongside players like Martin Dahlin, Tomas Brolin, Jonas Thern, Kennet Andersson and Thomas Ravelli.%


laudrup;michael laudrup;Retired Danish footballer and the current manager of Qatar Stars League club Al Rayyan.

He is regarded as one of the greatest players of his generation by many pundits.
During his playing career, Laudrup won league titles with Ajax, Barcelona, Real Madrid and Juventus, playing mainly as an attacking midfielder, although he was also capable of playing in other offensive positions.
A world class playmaker, he was a member of Johan Cruyff's "Dream Team" at Barcelona, where he won nine trophies, including four successive La Liga titles from 1991 to 1994 and the European Cup in 1992.
He moved to arch rivals Real Madrid in 1994, with whom he won his fifth La Liga title in a row.%


magath;felix magath;German football manager and former player, who played as a midfielder.

The most notable spell of his playing career was with Hamburger SV, with whom he won three Bundesliga titles, the 1977 European Cup Winners' Cup Final and the 1983 European Cup Final, scoring in both Finals.
He also gained 43 international caps for the West Germany national team, winning UEFA Euro 1980 and reaching two consecutive World Cup finals.
As a manager, He's honours include two consecutive Doubles (Bundesliga and German Cup titles) with Bayern Munich, and a further Bundesliga title with VfL Wolfsburg in 2009.
He has a reputation of demanding strong discipline and thorough training.%


maier;sepp maier;German former professional football goalkeeper.

Regarded as one of Germany's greatest ever goalkeepers, he was nicknamed "Die Katze von Anzing" ("the cat from Anzing") for his fast reflexes, agility, flexibility, and consistency.
Born in Metten, Bavaria, He spent his entire professional career at Bayern Munich.
He began playing for Bayern's youth sides in 1958.
During the 1970s, he was part of the legendary Bayern team which included the likes of Franz Beckenbauer and Gerd Müller and won three European Cups in a row, a German record.
Between 1966 and 1979 he played in 442 consecutive Bundesliga matches, still a German national record.%


matthaus;lothar matthaus;German football manager and former player.

After captaining West Germany to victory in the 1990 FIFA World Cup, he was named European Footballer of the Year. In 1991, he was named the first ever FIFA World Player of the Year, and remains the only German to have received the award.
He played in five FIFA World Cups (1982, 1986, 1990, 1994, 1998), more than any other outfield player in men's football, and holds the record for the most World Cup matches played by a single player (25 games).
He also won UEFA Euro 1980, and played in the 1984, 1988, and 2000 UEFA European Football Championships. In 1999, aged 38, he was again voted German Footballer of the Year, having previously won the award in 1990.%


milla;roger milla;Retired Cameroonian footballer who played as a forward.

He was one of the first African players to be major stars on the international stage.
He played in three World Cups for the Cameroon national team.
He achieved international stardom at 38 years old, an age at which most forward-playing footballers have retired, by scoring four goals at the 1990 FIFA World Cup.
He helped Cameroon become the first African team to reach the World Cup quarter-finals.
Four years later, at the age of 42, he became the oldest goalscorer in World Cup history by scoring against Russia in the 1994 FIFA World Cup.%


overmars;Marc Overmars;Dutch former footballer and the current director of football at Ajax.

During his footballing career, he played as a winger and was renowned for his speed and technical skills.
He was born in Emst and was passionate about football at an early age. He began his playing career at SV Epe before joining Go Ahead Eagles' youth team in 1987.
He secured a place in the first team by the 1990–91 season, but joined Willem II in time for the following season.
His stay at the club was short, after 31 appearances he signed for Ajax in 1992. He established himself as a key member of the team that won three Eredivisie titles from between 1994 and 1996 and the UEFA Champions League in 1995.
In December 1995, Overmars sustained a cruciate ligament injury which ruled him out of playing for eight months.%


pagliuca;Gianluca Pagliuca;Italian football coach and former professional goalkeeper.

He is regarded by pundits as one of the greatest goalkeepers of his generation, and one of Italy's best keepers ever.
Throughout his career, he played for Sampdoria, Inter, Bologna, and Ascoli in Italy, winning several domestic and international trophies.
At international level, he represented Italy at three FIFA World Cups (1990, 1994, and 1998), most notably reaching the 1994 World Cup final as Italy's starting goalkeeper.%