adebayor;Emmanuel Adebayor;Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir.

He previously played for English clubs Arsenal, Manchester City, Tottenham Hotspur and Crystal Palace, as well as French sides Metz and Monaco and Spanish team Real Madrid.
He was voted African Footballer of the Year for 2008 while playing at Arsenal.%

arteta;Mikel Arteta;Retired Spanish professional footballer who played as a midfielder.

He is currently the co-assistant coach of Manchester City, alongside fellow co-assistant Brian Kidd, Domènec Torrent and manager Pep Guardiola.%


busquets;Sergio Busquets; Spanish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for FC Barcelona and the Spain national team.

He arrived in Barcelona's first team in July 2008, and eventually made a name for himself as one of the best midfielders in a relatively short period of time.
He reached the Spain national team less than one year after making his professional club debut.%

cabaye;Yohan Cabaye;French professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for English club Crystal Palace and the France national team.

He is described as a player who possesses "excellent vision, great ball control", and "provides technical quality".
He is also known for his free-kick and penalty-taking ability.%


carrick;michael carrick;English professional footballer who plays for Manchester United, whom he also captains, and the England national team.

He primarily plays as a central midfielder, but he has been used as an emergency centre-back under Alex Ferguson, David Moyes and Louis van Gaal. Distinctive features of his play include his inventive distribution of the ball along with his passing and crossing abilities.
He is one of the most decorated English footballers of all time.%


carroll;Andy Carroll;English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club West Ham United and the England national team.

He signed for Liverpool on the last day of the transfer window on 31 January 2011 for a fee of £35 million, at the time the highest amount paid for a British footballer.
He was bought to replace Fernando Torres, who moved from Liverpool to Chelsea on the same day for a fee of £50 million. %


evra;patrice evra;French professional footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club Marseille and the France national team.

Originally an attacker, he primarily plays as a left-back.
Sir Alex Ferguson praised him for his leadership, also describing him as one of the best left-backs in Europe, has served as captain for both Manchester United and France.%


gundogan;ilkay Gundogan;German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Manchester City and the Germany national team.

He began his career at VfL Bochum, playing in its reserves, before joining 1. FC Nürnberg in 2009.
Two years later he was signed by Borussia Dortmund for around €4 million, winning the double of the Bundesliga and DFB-Pokal in his first season there, and then helping them finish runners-up the UEFA Champions League, scoring in the final.%


johnson;Glen Johnson; English professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Premier League club Stoke City.

He began his career at West Ham United, spending time on loan at Millwall, and was signed by Chelsea for a £6 million fee after West Ham's relegation in 2003.
He helped Chelsea win the 2004–05 Premier League title and the 2005 League Cup Final.%

lallana;Adam Lallana;English professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Premier League club Liverpool and England.

He began his youth career with Bournemouth before transferring to Southampton in 2000, where he developed in their academy and became a professional in 2006.%


lennon;Aaron Lennon;English professional footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League club Everton.

He began his career at hometown club Leeds United, making his first-team debut in 2003 and becoming the youngest player to play in the Premier League at that time.
He made his senior debut for the England national team in 2006, and has been selected by England for two World Cups.%


martinez;javi martinez;Spanish footballer who plays for German club FC Bayern Munich as a defensive midfielder or a central defender.

He arrived at Athletic Bilbao in 2006 before his 18th birthday, quickly imposing himself as a starter and going on to appear in 251 official games over the course of six La Liga seasons, scoring 26 goals.%


mascherano;javier mascherano; Argentine professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or centre-back for Spanish club FC Barcelona and the Argentina national team.

Nicknamed "El Jefecito" ("The Little Chief"), He is a versatile and tactically intelligent footballer, with an excellent ability to read the game and organise his team; he is known in particular for his leadership skills, passing accuracy, tough marking of opponents, and hard-tackling style of play.%


pastore;Javier Pastore;Argentine footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Argentina national team.

He began his career with Talleres and then Huracán in his native Argentina before moving to Serie A team Palermo in 2009 for a reported transfer fee of €4.7 million.
In 2011, French side Paris Saint-Germain bought him for a reported €39.8 million.%


terry;John Terry; English professional footballer who plays for and captains Championship club Aston Villa. He commonly plays as a centre-back. He was captain of Chelsea and the England national team.

A strong, tenacious, commanding and physical defender, Terry excels in the air and is known for his aggressive tackling, positioning, leadership and his ability to read the game, he is considered to be one of the greatest central defenders of his generation.
He was named UEFA Club Defender of the Year in 2005, 2008 and 2009, PFA Players' Player of the Year in 2005, and was included in the FIFPro World XI for five consecutive seasons, from 2005 to 2009.%


antoniovalencia;Antonio Valencia;Ecuadorian professional footballer who plays as a right winger and right-back for Manchester United and the Ecuador national team.

After progressing through the youth system at El Nacional, He became a first team regular and made over 80 appearances for the club. He won the Ecuadorian Serie A with them before signing for La Liga side Villarreal in 2005.
He only made two league appearances for the Spanish side in between loan spells at Recreativo for the 2005–06 season and later English Premier League club Wigan Athletic from 2006 to 2008.
qsWigan Athletic later signed Valencia on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee in January 2008. His performances for Wigan Athletic soon attracted attention from several high-profile clubs, eventually signing for Manchester United in June 2009.%


vermaelen;Thomas Vermaelen;Belgian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Spanish club FC Barcelona and the Belgium national team.

Being left-footed, he usually plays as a left-sided centre-back and can play at left-back as well.
His key attributes include aerial ability, leadership skills, and his quickness with the ball at his feet. He is also known for his goalscoring ability as a defender.%


vertonghen;Jan Vertonghen;Belgian professional footballer who plays as a defender for English club Tottenham Hotspur and the Belgium national team.

He is the third-captain for Spurs. A left-footed player who usually plays as a centre-back, he is equally adept at playing anywhere on the left side or in defensive midfield and frequently joins in the attack from his centre-back position.
Although playing as a defender, he is well known for his offensive prowess and powerful shooting ability.%


walker;kyle walker;English professional footballer who plays as a right back for Premier League club Manchester City and the England national team.

On 14 July 2017, Walker signed a five-year contract with Tottenham's Premier League rivals Manchester City,[33] in a transfer reported to be worth an initial £45 million fee, rising to £50 million with add-ons.[34]

His competitive debut for City came against Brighton on 12th August 2017, a game where many media outlets labelled him as the best player.
However, during He's home debut for Manchester City he was sent off for two yellow card offences against Everton, which was thought to be a harsh decision by referee Bobby Madley.%


wilshere;jack wilshere;English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Arsenal and the England national team.

He came up through Arsenal's youth academy and impressed from an early age. He made his first team debut in 2008, becoming Arsenal's youngest ever league debutant at the age of 16 years, 256 days.
He has earned a number of accolades including the PFA Young Player of the Year award, selection to the 2010–11 PFA Team of the Year, and Arsenal's Player of the Season award, as voted for by fans for his performances in his first full campaign for Arsenal during the 2010–11 season.%
