aimar;pablo aimar;Argentine former professional footballer.

A technically gifted and creative attacking midfielder with a vast array of skills and an eye for goal, He excelled as an advanced playmaker, where he was best able to utilise his dribbling, vision, and passing ability to create chances for team-mates.
Due to his talent and flamboyance, he was given the nicknames El Payaso (the clown) and "El Mago" (the wizard) throughout his career.
As a youth, compatriot Lionel Messi stated in 2002 that He was one of his biggest influences as a player.
After starting his senior career at River Plate in 1996, he amassed La Liga totals of 215 games and 32 goals over eight seasons with Valencia and Real Zaragoza between 2001 and 2008, before spending five years in Portugal with Benfica, winning nine major titles between the three teams.%


albelda;David Albelda;Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.

He played mainly for local Valencia during his extensive professional career, being team captain for over a decade and appearing in 480 official games.
A Spanish international in the 2000s, He gained 51 caps for the country, representing it in two World Cups and at Euro 2004.%


ambrosini;massimo ambrosini;Former Italian professional footballer, who mainly played as a defensive midfielder.

At club level, he is mostly known for his successful time at Italian team A.C. Milan, where he spent eighteen years of his career, winning several titles, and even captained the side from 2009 to 2013, following the retirement of Paolo Maldini.
He retired from professional football in 2014, after a season with Fiorentina. At international level, he represented Italy at the 2000 Summer Olympics, and in two UEFA European Championships, winning a runners-up medal at UEFA Euro 2000.%


belezoglu;emre belozoglu;Turkish football midfielder who plays for İstanbul Başakşehir. A talented playmaker,[1] his past clubs include Galatasaray, Inter Milan, Newcastle United, Atlético Madrid and Fenerbahçe.

He has been a part of the Turkey national team since 2000, earning over 90 caps and helping the team to the semi-finals at the 2002 World Cup and at Euro 2008.
Pelé named him in the FIFA 100, a list of the 125 greatest living footballers as a part of FIFA's centenary celebrations.%


diouf;El Hadji Diouf;Retired Senegalese footballer. Throughout his career, Diouf played as a winger or a forward.

Having started his professional football career in France with Sochaux, Rennes and Lens, He finalised a move to Premier League side Liverpool prior to the 2002 FIFA World Cup for Senegal and went on to have a memorable tournament.
He has also played in England's top flight for Bolton Wanderers, Sunderland and Blackburn Rovers before a stint in the Scottish Premier League with Rangers.
In 2011, he joined Football League Championship side Doncaster Rovers but was released at the end of the 2011–12 season following the club's relegation.
He then moved to Leeds United where he spent two seasons, making 40 appearances.
During his nine-year international career, he scored 21 goals in 69 caps; he has also garnered a large amount of notoriety for a series of controversial incidents.%


dzagoev;Alan Dzagoev; Russian international footballer who plays as a midfielder for PFC CSKA Moscow in the Russian Premier League and the Russian national football team.

After joining Akademiya Tolyatti in 2006, he remained there for two seasons before transferring to CSKA Moscow. Following a successful debut season in the Russian Premier League, he won the award for Best Young Player in the league and made his way into the Russian national team.
Despite his young age, he is already regarded as a star in Russia and his native North Ossetia.
He won 3 Russian Premier League titles and 4 Russian Cups.
A full international for Russia since 2008, he was the joint top scorer at UEFA Euro 2012 and also played at the 2014 FIFA World Cup.%


heskey;Emile Heskey; English former professional footballer who played as a striker.

He made more than 500 appearances in the Football League and Premier League over an 18-year career, and represented England in international football. He also had a spell in Australia, playing for the A-League club Newcastle Jets.
Born in Leicester, He started his career with Leicester City after progressing through their youth system, making his first-team debut in 1995.
After winning the League Cup in 1997 and 2000 he made an £11 million move to Liverpool in 2000, which, at the time, was the record transfer fee paid by the club. At Liverpool, he won multiple honours, including the FA Cup in 2001.
He moved to Birmingham City in 2004 and after their relegation from the Premier League signed for Wigan Athletic for a club record £5.5 million fee in 2006.
He signed for Aston Villa in 2009 and was released in 2012 before signing for A-League club Newcastle Jets. After two years, he returned to England, finishing his career with Championship club Bolton Wanderers.%


kolasinac;sead kolasinac;Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Premier League club Arsenal and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.

On 6 June 2017, English Premier League club Arsenal confirmed the signing of him on a free transfer, pending the "completion of all regulatory processes."
He was announced as Arsenal's first summer signing for the upcoming season.
He scored on his debut against Chelsea in the 2017 Community Shield, which Arsenal won on penalties.
He made his Premier League debut on the opening day, providing an assist in a 4–3 win over Leicester City.%


ljungberg;Freddie Ljungberg;Swedish former footballer who played as a winger. He currently works as the assistant manager of VfL Wolfsburg.[4]

He began his career at Halmstad and went on to spend most of his career at Arsenal, where he won honours including two Premier League titles and three FA Cups, scoring in two finals including the victory in 2002.
After leaving Arsenal in 2007, he had short spells at a number of clubs in England, Scotland, the United States, Japan and India.
An international for a full decade, He earned 75 caps and was captain of the Swedish national team until he announced his international retirement after UEFA Euro 2008.%


matri;alessandro matri; Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Sassuolo.

He is a dynamic, mobile, hardworking and opportunistic right-footed forward, with a good positional sense.
Although he is primarily deployed as a centre-forward, he is also capable of playing on the wing, or even off another striker, in a more creative role, on occasion.
He is primarily known for his ability to time his attacking runs, and to play with his back to goal, as well as his defensive contribution.
He also possesses reliable technique, and an accurate shot, whilst his physical attributes enable him to be effective in the air.%


milito;diego milito;Argentine former footballer best known for his time with Internazionale Milano, who last played as a striker for Racing Club and also formerly played for the Argentine national team.

A prolific and consistent centre-forward, He has averaged just over a goal every two appearances over the course of his professional career.
He has been nicknamed El Príncipe ("The Prince" in Spanish) because of his physical resemblance with former Uruguayan footballer Enzo Francescoli, who had the same nickname.%


montella;vincenzo montella;Italian former footballer who is currently the manager of Milan.

He's nickname during his playing career was "L'Aeroplanino" ("The Little Airplane"), in reference to his small stature and trademark goal celebration, in which he spread his arms like wings.
A prolific goalscorer, throughout his playing career He played as a forward for Italian clubs Empoli, Genoa, Sampdoria and Roma, and also had a spell on loan in England with Fulham.
He is mostly remembered for his performances with Roma (1999–2007), where he won the Serie A title and the Supercoppa Italiana during the 2000–01 season, also later reaching the 2003 Coppa Italia final with the club.
In 2013, He was inducted into the A.S. Roma Hall of Fame. At international level, he made 20 appearances for Italy between 1999 and 2005, scoring three goals; he was notably a member of the Italian team that reached the final of UEFA Euro 2000, and he also represented his country at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.%


otamendi;nicolas otamendi;Argentine professional footballer who plays for English club Manchester City and the Argentina national team as a central defender.

In his professional career he played mainly for Vélez Sarsfield and Porto, winning eight major titles with the second including three national championships and the 2011 Europa League.
An Argentinian international since 2009, He represented the country at the 2010 World Cup and two Copa América, helping them to consecutive runner-up finishes.%


riise;John Arne Riise;Retired Norwegian professional footballer who last played as a left-back and a left midfielder for Indian Super League club Chennaiyin F.C. on a two-month contract.

With 110 caps, he is the most capped player for the Norway national team. He was named in the Norway squad for UEFA Euro 2000 but did not play in the tournament.
He scored 16 goals before his retirement from international duty in 2013. He spent seven years playing for Premier League side Liverpool, in which he won many honours, including the 2004–05 UEFA Champions League, before moving to Roma in 2008.%


saviola;javier saviola;Argentine professional footballer who played as a forward.

Known for his speed, dribbling and ability to score from almost any attacking position on the field, he represented both Barcelona and Real Madrid and was named as the youngest player on Pelé's FIFA 100 list of the 125 greatest living footballers in 2004.
Due to his ancestry he also holds Spanish nationality since 2004, and he amassed La Liga totals of 196 games and 70 goals over the course of eight seasons, he started and finished his career at River Plate.%


shilton;peter shilton;English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

He currently holds the record for playing more games for the England men's team than anyone else, earning 125 caps, and he also holds the all-time record for the most competitive appearances in world football.
The IFFHS ranked him among the top ten keepers of the 20th century in 2000.
His 30-year career includes 11 different clubs, two European Cup finals and more than 1,300 competitive matches.
He also represented England at UEFA Euro 1980, the 1982 FIFA World Cup, the 1986 FIFA World Cup, UEFA Euro 1988 and the 1990 FIFA World Cup.
He has the distinction of playing over 100 league games for five different clubs.
He did not make his World Cup finals debut until the age of 32, but he played in 17 finals matches and shares the record 10 clean sheets in World Cup finals with French keeper Fabien Barthez.%


timcahill;tim cahill;Australian professional footballer who plays for A-League club Melbourne City and the Australia national team.

Prior to joining Melbourne City, he played for Millwall, Everton, the New York Red Bulls, Shanghai Shenhua, and Hangzhou Greentown.
He plays as an attacking midfielder, but has also played as a forward on several occasions. A box-to-box midfielder, He has become recognised for "his aggressive and powerful approach and his ability to head the ball in the penalty area."%


vucinic;mirko vucinic; Montenegrin footballer who plays as a forward.

Having caught the attention of Pantaleo Corvino, the sporting director of the Italian club Lecce, he transferred there in the summer of 2000.
He played for Lecce as they moved between Serie A and B. His highest-scoring season was 2004–05, with 19 goals in 28 games in Serie A. In 2006, he joined Roma, where he won the Coppa Italia twice.
He later moved on to Juventus in 2011, where he won three consecutive Serie A titles. In July 2014, he moved to Al Jazira on an undisclosed fee.%


woodgate;Jonathan Woodgate;Former footballer who played as a defender and is currently on the Academy coaching staff at Middlesbrough after a short spell as assistant coach to Steve Agnew during the club's unsuccessful battle against relegation from the Premier League in 2017.

He started his career at Leeds United where he established himself in the starting eleven. He was sold to Newcastle United for £9 million in January 2003, where he impressed despite injury problems.
His performances in Europe for Newcastle led to Spanish giants Real Madrid signing him for £13.4 million in August 2004.
Injuries blighted his time in Madrid as he failed to make a single appearance during the entire 2004–05 season.
He endured an awful debut for Real Madrid as he scored an own goal and was later sent off for two bookable offences.%


zambrotta;Gianluca Zambrotta;Italian former professional footballer, who played as a full-back or as a winger.

Throughout his club career, He played for several different Italian clubs. He began his career with local club Como in 1994, and gained prominence while playing for Bari, which earned him a transfer to Juventus in 1999.
During his seven seasons with the club, he won two consecutive Serie A and Supercoppa Italiana titles in 2002 and 2003, also reaching the 2003 UEFA Champions League final.
He also later spent two relatively unsuccessful seasons with Barcelona between 2006 and 2008, where he won the 2006 Supercopa de España, before returning to Italy to play for Milan, where he won his third Serie A and Supercoppa Italiana titles in 2011.
He ended his career after a season with Swiss club Chiasso in 2014, whom he later went on to coach.%