alli;dele alli;English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur and the England national team.

Born and raised in Milton Keynes, he joined the youth system at Milton Keynes Dons aged 11 and broke into the first team five years later, during the 2012–13 season. Over the next two-and-a-half years he made 88 official appearances for the team, scoring 24 goals.
He signed for Tottenham Hotspur in February 2015 for an initial fee of £5 million.%


giroud;olivier giroud;French footballer who plays as a forward for Premier League club Arsenal and the France national team.

He began his career at Grenoble in Ligue 2 before joining Tours in 2008. In his second season at Tours, he was the division's top scorer with 21 goals, earning him a move to top-flight side Montpellier.
He was again the top scorer with 21 goals in the 2011–12 season, giving the club their first ever Ligue 1 title before moving to Arsenal.
He won the FA Cup with Arsenal in 2014, 2015 and 2017, and is one of only seven players to score 50 Premier League goals for the club.%


benzema;karim benzema;French professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Madrid and the France national team as a striker.

He has been described as an "immensely talented striker" who is "strong and powerful" and "a potent finisher from inside the box".
Benzema was born in the city of Lyon and began his football career with local club Bron Terraillon. In 1996, he joined the biggest club in the city, Olympique Lyonnais, and subsequently came through the club's youth academy.%


bonucci;leonardo bonucci;Italian professional footballer who captains and plays as a centre-back for Serie A club Milan and the Italy national team.

After beginning his career with Inter in 2005, he spent the next few seasons on loan at Treviso and Pisa, before moving to Bari in 2009.
His technique, ball-playing ability and defensive performances alongside fellow Italian centre-back Andrea Ranocchia earned him a move to Juventus the following season, where he later became a key member of the club's three-man defensive line, alongside Giorgio Chiellini and Andrea Barzagli%


cavani;edinson cavani;Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Uruguay national team.

A quick, strong, opportunistic and prolific forward with good technique, he has been described as a "modern striker".%


danialves;dani alves;Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a right back for French club Paris Saint-Germain and for the Brazilian national team.

Before joining Barcelona in 2008, he spent a successful six-year spell with Sevilla, winning two UEFA Cups and the Copa del Rey with the Andalusian side.
He joined Barcelona for €32.5 million, becoming the third-most expensive defender of all time.%


debruyne;kevin de bruyne;Belgian professional footballer who plays for English club Manchester City and the Belgium national team.

He plays mainly as an attacking midfielder but can also play as a winger or second striker.
He is often described as one of the best modern day advanced playmakers due to his technique, wide range of passing, and long-range shooting skills, and is often regarded as one of the best midfielders in Europe.%


dembaba;demba ba;Professional footballer who plays as a striker for Shanghai Shenhua and the Senegal national team.

He made his first-team debut with French team Rouen in 2005 before moving to Mouscron and onto 1899 Hoffenheim in Germany in 2007. In 2011, he moved to Premier League side West Ham United.
He played only 12 games for West Ham and despite being their league top goal scorer in the 2010–11 season, they were relegated to the Championship and Ba moved to Newcastle United.
In January 2013, he completed a move to Chelsea for an undisclosed fee, before joining Beşiktaş for €6 million 18 months later. After one season in Turkey, he moved to Shanghai Shenhua of the Chinese Super League.%


diegocosta;diego costa;Professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Chelsea and the Spain national team.

He has been described by pundits as a talented striker whose main attributes are his physicality, goalscoring and ability to keep possession.
He has been criticised and punished for several confrontations with opponents.%


dimaria;angel di maria;Argentine professional footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Argentina national team.

He can play as either a winger or attacking midfielder.
After beginning his career with Rosario Central, he moved to Europe in 2007 to play for Benfica, earning a €25 million move to Real Madrid three years later.
After winning the Champions League with Real Madrid, he signed for Manchester United in 2014 for a British record £59.7 million where he was regarded as one of the worst signings of the year, but he joined PSG a year later for around £44 million.%


falcao;radamel falcao; Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Ligue 1 club AS Monaco, for whom he also serves as captain, and the Colombia national team.
He is sometimes nicknamed "El Tigre" (Spanish for The Tiger) or "King of the Europa League".%


hulk;hulk;Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Shanghai SIPG and the Brazil national team, as a forward, though he can also operate as a winger.

After starting out professionally with Vitória and playing three years in Japan, he went on to play several seasons in Portugal with Porto, winning ten major titles – including the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League and three national championships – and being crowned the league's top scorer once.
In 2012, he joined Russian Premier League side Zenit Saint Petersburg for €60.3 million%


kagawa;shinji kagawa;Japanese professional footballer who plays for German club Borussia Dortmund and the Japan national team.

He began his professional career in his homeland with Cerezo Osaka before joining Borussia Dortmund in 2010.
After two years with Dortmund, he signed for Manchester United on a four-year contract. Two years later, he returned to Dortmund.%


mahrez;Riyad Mahrez;Professional footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League club Leicester City and the Algeria national team.

He signed for English side Leicester City, helping them win the Championship and promotion to the Premier League at the end of his first season.
In the 2015–16 season he was the Algerian Footballer of the Year, the PFA Players' Player of the Year, and was a member of the Premier League PFA Team of the Year as he helped Leicester City win the Premier League.%


mignolet;Simon Mignolet;Belgian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Liverpool and the Belgium national team.

He started his career with Belgian Second Division side Sint-Truiden in 2004, and spent six years with the club, making 100 senior league appearances and scoring a goal.
He moved to Premier League side Sunderland in June 2010 for £2 million, spending three years with them and making 101 appearances across all competitions before moving to Liverpool in June 2013 for £9 million.%


pepe;pepe;Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Beşiktaş and the Portugal national team as a central defender.

During his professional career he has played for Marítimo, Porto and Real Madrid, with individual and team success with the latter two clubs. He currently plays for Turkish side Beşiktaş.
An aggressive, physically strong and tenacious defender, he is known for his hard-tackling style of play, and in his prime he was considered by pundits to be one of the best defenders in world football.%


reus;marco reus;German professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder, winger or striker for German club Borussia Dortmund and the Germany national team.

He is known for his versatility, speed and technique.
He spent his youth career at Borussia Dortmund , prior to leaving for Rot Weiss Ahlen. He has played for three clubs in his senior career, most notably—and with the most influence—in Borussia Mönchengladbach of the Bundesliga.%


torres;fernando torres;Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for La Liga club Atlético Madrid and the Spain national team.

He started his career with Atlético Madrid, progressing through their youth system to the first-team squad. He made his first-team debut in 2001 and finished his time at the club with 75 goals in 174 La Liga appearances.
He joined Premier League club Liverpool in 2007, after signing for a club record transfer fee. He marked his first season at Anfield by being Liverpool's first player since Robbie Fowler in the 1995–96 season to score more than 20 league goals in a season.%

vidal;arturo vidal;Chilean professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club Bayern Munich and the Chile national team.

After starting his career with Colo-Colo, Chile's most successful club, he joined Bundesliga club Bayer Leverkusen, where he played for four seasons.
He then moved to Juventus in 2011, where he won Scudetti in all four of his seasons, played in the UEFA Champions League final, and became widely recognized as one of the best midfielders in world football.%


yaya;yaya toure;Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Premier League club Manchester City and the former captain of Ivory Coast national team.

Heaspired to be a striker during his youth and has played centre back, including for FC Barcelona in the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final, however he has spent the majority of his career as a box-to-box midfielder for club and country,
where he has been regarded as one of the world's best players. He was voted African Footballer of the Year for 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014.%
