albertini;Demetrio Albertini;Italian football midfielder and vice-president of the Italian Football Federation (FIGC).

He is widely considered as one of the legends of the A.C. Milan side of the 90s and a fundamental player for the Italian national team of the same period.
He spent most of his career with Milan of the Italian Serie A, winning many trophies, including five Serie A titles and two UEFA Champions League titles with the club.
He also played his final season for FC Barcelona, winning the Spanish League before retiring that year.
A vital member of the Italian national team, he was part of the squads that competed at the World Cups of 1994 and 1998, as well as the 1996 and 2000 European Championships, reaching the finals of the 1994 World Cup and Euro 2000.%


baresi;franco baresi;Italian football youth team coach and a former player and manager.

He mainly played as a sweeper or as a central defender, and spent his entire 20-year career with Serie A club A.C. Milan, captaining the club for 15 seasons.
He is considered one of the greatest defenders of all time, and was ranked 19th in World Soccer's list of the 100 greatest players of the twentieth century.
He won the Champions League 3 times, as well as 6 Serie A titles, 4 Supercoppa Italiana titles, 2 European Super Cups and 2 Intercontinental Cups.%


bergomi;giuseppe;Italian retired footballer who spent his entire career at Internazionale.

A one-club man, Bergomi held the record of most appearances for the club for several years, while also being the side's longtime captain.
He was affectionately referred to as "Lo zio" ("the uncle") because of his bushy eyebrows and the impressive moustache he wore even as a youngster.
He is regarded as one of the greatest Italian defenders of all time, being elected by Pelé to be part of the FIFA 100 in 2004.
He currently works as a pundit at Sky Sports Italia and frequently co-commentates on Serie A matches alongside Fabio Caressa.%


burruchaga;jorge burruchaga;Argentine association football coach and former professional football player, born in Gualeguay, Entre Ríos.

He played both as an attacking midfielder and striker and is famous for scoring the winning goal in the final of the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
Burruchaga started playing in 1980 for Arsenal de Sarandí in Argentina's then second division.
He was bought by Independiente in 1982 and debuted in a victory against Estudiantes de La Plata on 12 February.
He was part of the team that won the Metropolitano 1983, the Copa Libertadores and the Intercontinental Cup in 1984.
He was then transferred to French team Nantes, where he played for seven years. He also played one year for Valenciennes, where he was involved in a bribing scandal involving the French and European champions Olympique de Marseille 'buying' a 1–0 league win at Valenciennes on 20 May 1993.
Marseille midfield player Jean-Jacques Eydelie and the club's general manager, Jean-Pierre Bernes, had offered him money to throw the game, he said he agreed but then changed his mind.
He was subsequently given a suspended six months sentence when judgment was delivered on 15 May 1995%


butragueno;emilio butragueno;Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker.

He was best known for his spell with Real Madrid. Nicknamed El Buitre (The Vulture), he was a member of the legendary Quinta del Buitre, along with Manolo Sanchís, Rafael Martín Vázquez, Míchel and Miguel Pardeza.
He amassed La Liga totals of 341 games and 123 goals for his main club, in 12 seasons, and represented the Spain national team in two World Cups (being the second top scorer in the 1986 edition) and as many European Championships, scoring 26 international goals for his country for a record that stood several years.%


caniggia;claudio caniggia;Argentine retired footballer who played as forward or winger.

He played 50 times for the Argentina national team. He appeared in three World Cups, and was a member of both rival clubs River Plate and Boca Juniors. A quick, and physically strong striker, with good technique, he was known for his speed as a player,and competed in athletics before his football career, taking part in athletic tournaments at the provincial level, running the 100 meters.
In addition to his ability to score goals consistently, he was also equally capable of playing off other forwards, and creating chances for teammates, and was often deployed as an advanced playmaker or creative forward.%


cesaremaldini;cesare maldini; Italian professional football manager and player, who played as a defender.

He began his career with Italian side Triestina, before transferring to Milan in 1954, with whom he won four Serie A league titles and one European Cup during his twelve seasons with the club.
He retired in 1967, after a season with Torino. Internationally, he played for the Italian national team, earning 14 caps and participating in the 1962 World Cup. He served as team captain for both Milan and Italy.
As a manager, he also coached his former club Milan on two occasions, as well as Italian sides Foggia, Ternana and Parma.
He had a successful career in charge of the Italy under-21 side, winning the European Under-21 Championship a record three consecutive times; he later also coached the Italy senior team at the 1998 FIFA World Cup, and the Paraguay national football team at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.%


charlton;bobby charlton;English former football player, regarded as one of the greatest midfielders of all time, and an essential member of the England team who won the World Cup in 1966, the year he also won the Ballon d'Or.
He played almost all of his club football at Manchester United, where he became renowned for his attacking instincts and passing abilities from midfield and his ferocious long-range shot.
He was also well known for his fitness and stamina. He was cautioned only twice in his career, once against Argentina in the 1966 World Cup, and once in a league match against Chelsea.
His elder brother Jack, who was also in the World Cup-winning team, is a former defender for Leeds United and international manager.%


gentile;claudio gentile;Italian footballer manager and former defender of the 1970s and 1980s.

He appeared for Italy in two World Cup tournaments, and played for the winning Italian team in the 1982 final.
His club career was notably spent with Juventus for whom he made almost 300 league appearances, winning six national titles and two major European trophies.
A tough, strong, tenacious, ruthless, and uncompromising defender, he was regarded as one of the best defenders of his generation, one of the toughest ever players in his position, and as one of the greatest Italian defenders of all time.%


gerets;eric gerets;Belgian football manager and former footballer.

He started his playing career as an amateur for his local team AA Rekem, before achieving success with Standard Liège and PSV. At his peak he was regarded as one of the top right-backs in Europe.
The combination of his warrior's heart, beard and dark long hair earned him the nickname "The Lion (of Flanders)".
Considered one of the greatest players in Belgian football history, he is famous for having captained PSV to their first and only European Cup win in 1988.%


haan;arie haan;Former Dutch footballer and coach, who played as a midfielder.

He scored 6 goals in 35 matches for the Dutch national squad of the 1970s.
At club level he enjoyed a successful career with AFC Ajax, R.S.C. Anderlecht, Standard Liège and PSV Eindhoven.
He participated seven times in European Cup finals with five victories and two defeats.
He was also known for his goals from long distance.%


hagi;gheorghe hagi;Romanian former professional footballer, considered one of the best attacking midfielders in Europe during the 1980s and '90s[1] and the greatest Romanian footballer of all time.[2] Galatasaray fans called him "Comandante" ("The Commander") and Romanians call him "Regele" ("The King").

Nicknamed "The Maradona of the Carpathians", he is considered a hero in his homeland.
He was named Romanian Footballer of the Year seven times, and is regarded as one of the best football players of his generation.
As a creative advanced playmaker, he was renowned for his dribbling, technique, vision, passing and finishing.%


hoddle;glen hoddle;English former footballer and manager and current television pundit for ITV Sport and BT Sport who played as a midfielder for Tottenham Hotspur, AS Monaco, Chelsea and Swindon Town and at international level for England.

He was most recently first team coach at Queens Park Rangers having been appointed, on a part-time basis, to assist Harry Redknapp in the summer of 2014.
However, following Redknapp's resignation in February 2015, he also left the club.%


jairzinho;jairzinho;Brazilian footballer. A quick, powerful winger, he was a member of the legendary Brazilian national team that won the 1970 FIFA World Cup, during which he scored in every game Brazil played.

In doing so, he became one of only two players – the other being Alcides Ghiggia – in the history of the World Cup to have scored in every game of the tournament and was thereafter nicknamed as "The Hurricane".
He was listed at number 27 in World Soccer Magazine's list of the 100 greatest players of the 20th century, one place ahead of Zinedine Zidane.%


mihajlovic;sinisa mihajlovic;Serbian former professional footballer, who played as a defender or midfielder, and the current manager of Italian club Torino.

He has 63 caps and scored 10 goals for Yugoslavia from 1991 to 2003, of which his first four caps in 1991 represented SFR Yugoslavia, and played in the 1998 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2000 tournaments.
Considered by many to be among the best free kick takers of all time, he co-holds the all-time record in Serie A for most goals from free-kicks, alongside Andrea Pirlo, with 28 goals.
He was the coach of the Serbian national football team from May 2012 to November 2013, and holds an Italian passport.%


passarella;Daniel Passarella;Argentine retired footballer who played as a centre-back, and former manager of the Argentina and Uruguay national football teams. He was captain of the Argentina team that won the 1978 World Cup.

He was president of the River Plate sports club for 4 years after winning the elections by a very close margin in December 2009.
One of the greatest defenders of all time, he was also one of the most prolific ones, at one point Passarella was football's top scoring defender, with 134 goals in 451 matches (that record was since broken by Dutch defender Ronald Koeman).
In 2004, he was named one of the 125 Greatest Living Footballers at a FIFA Awards Ceremony.
In 2007, The Times placed him at number 36 in their list of the 50 hardest footballers in history.
In 2017 he has been included in the FourFourTwo list of the 100 all-time greatest players, at the 56th position%


pearce;stuart pearce;English football manager and player. He was most recently the manager of Nottingham Forest before being sacked in February 2015. Pearce was the manager of the England national under-21 team from 2007 to 2013 and also managed the Great Britain Olympic football team at the 2012 Olympics.

As a player, he played as a defender and appeared for Wealdstone, Coventry City, Newcastle United, West Ham United and Manchester City, but is best known for his spell at Nottingham Forest, where he regularly captained the team and became the club's most capped International, making 76 of his 78 appearances for England while with the club and captaining the national side on nine occasions.
He retired as a player in 2002 while at Manchester City. He remained with Manchester City as a coach under Kevin Keegan's managership until being promoted to the manager's job, which he held from 2005 to 2007. In 2016, he briefly came out of retirement, signing a one-match deal with Longford, a team dubbed "The worst in Great Britain", in order to support the grass roots game.%


riva;luigi riva;Italian former professional footballer who played as a centre-forward.

Considered to be one of the best players of his generation, as well as one of the greatest strikers of all time, he enjoyed a remarkable scoring record for Cagliari, thanks to his composure in front of goal, powerful left foot and aerial ability, his speed, strength and eye for goal led the Italian journalist Gianni Brera to nickname him "Rombo di Tuono" (Roar of Thunder).
Aside from his debut season with Legnano, he remained with the Sardinian club for his entire career: he helped Cagliari achieve promotion to the Italian top-flight for the first time in 1964, and later led the club to their only Serie A title in 1969–70.%


salinas;julio salinas;Spanish retired footballer who played during the 1980s and 1990s.

A tall, lanky centre forward with skills, Salinas is best remembered for his spell at Barcelona – having started his career with Athletic Bilbao – while he was also a prolific goalscorer for club and country.
He earned 56 caps for Spain, and represented the nation in three World Cups and two European Championships.%


scirea;gaetano scirea;Italian professional footballer who is considered one of the greatest defenders of all-time.

He is one of only five players in European football history to have won all international trophies for football clubs recognized by UEFA and FIFA.
He is also one of only nine players in the history of the European football that won all three major UEFA football competitions, a feat he managed while playing with Juventus, the Italian club with which he spent the majority of his career, aside from two seasons with Atalanta.
At international level, he played for the Italian national team for more than a decade, during which he was an undisputed member of Italy's defensive line-up, keeping Franco Baresi out of the national team for four years, until he retired in 1986.
He became a World Champion with the 1982 FIFA World Cup winning team, which defeated Brazil 3–2 in the quarter-final match and Germany 3–1 in the final.
He also represented Italy in two more World Cups, finishing in fourth-place in 1978, and UEFA Euro 1980, where Italy once again managed a fourth-place finish.%