boateng;jerome boateng; German professional footballer who plays as a defender for German club Bayern Munich and the Germany national team.

A versatile defender, Boateng primarily is a centre-back, although he can also play as a right-back.
Physically strong and composed in possession, he has garnered a reputation as a tough-tackling defender, with good passing and an ability to read the game, and is considered to be one of the world's best at his position.%


buyten;daniel van buyten;Belgian former footballer who played as a centre back. Nicknamed "Big Dan",[4] Van Buyten was known for his uncompromising style of play, exploiting both his physical strength and aerial ability.

Beginning at Charleroi as a striker, He's career took off when he converted to a centre back, playing for a series of top flight clubs, including Marseille, Manchester City, Hamburger SV and Bayern Munich.
Throughout his career, Van Buyten was also a regular starter for the Belgium national team, amassing 83 caps in an international career that spanned 13 years and which included participation at two FIFA World Cup.%


dilivio;Angelo di livio;Retired football midfielder and defender. He played for several Italian clubs in Serie A throughout his career, coming to prominence with Juventus, where he won several domestic and international titles.

At international level he also played for the Italian national side in two FIFA World Cups and two UEFA European Football Championships, reaching the final of UEFA Euro 2000.
During his playing career he was known as soldatino (little soldier), a nickname his Juventus teammate Roberto Baggio gave him because of He's characteristic way of running up and down the flank.
A quick, experienced, combative, reliable, and tactically versatile player, He was usually deployed on the wing, and was capable of playing on either flank, as a wide midfielder, or as a full-back or wing-back.
He was also capable of playing in the centre, as a defensive midfielder. Although he was not the most naturally talented footballer, he was a highly consistent player, who was known for his pace, stamina, work-rate, strength, tenacity, man-marking, and crossing accuracy, as well as his ability to make attacking runs down the flank, which enabled him to have a successful career.%


fowler;Robbie Fowler;English former professional footballer and manager who played as a striker from 1993 to 2012.

He was known for being a natural scorer with an instinctive goal-poaching ability.
He is best remembered for his time at Liverpool and is the sixth-highest goalscorer in the history of the Premier League.
He scored 183 goals in total for Liverpool, 128 of which were scored in the Premier League (162 Premier League goals in total).
He earned the nickname "God" from the Anfield crowd, becoming a club legend due to his ruthlessness in front of goal.
He subsequently played for Leeds United and Manchester City, before returning to Liverpool in January 2006.%


friedel;Brad Friedel;Retired American professional soccer player who played as a goalkeeper.

He played 82 games for the United States national team between 1992 and 2005, and represented his country at three FIFA World Cup tournaments.
He is the current holder of the Premier League record for most consecutive appearances with 310, a feat he achieved during spells at Blackburn Rovers, Aston Villa and Tottenham Hotspur.
Until he was left out of the Tottenham team on October 7, 2012, the last Premier League games He missed were Blackburn's final two fixtures of the 2003–04 season against Tottenham and Birmingham City, on May 10 and May 15, 2004, respectively.%


given;shay given;Irish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.

Having surpassed the total of 100 caps required for membership, he is part of the FIFA Century Club.
He gained his first international cap in 1996 and played in goal during every match for his country during the 2002 FIFA World Cup campaign, helping them reach the knockout stage.
He was later on the pitch in Paris when the Republic of Ireland were knocked out of the play-offs for a spot in the 2010 FIFA World Cup by France before helping his team qualify for UEFA Euro 2012.
He played at UEFA Euro 2012 and was selected in Martin O'Neill's 23-man squad for UEFA Euro 2016 but didn't appear in any of Ireland's four matches at the tournament.
He is the second most capped Republic of Ireland player (after Robbie Keane). He announced his international retirement in July 2016, having amassed 134 caps for his country and kept 52 clean sheets.%


gonzalez;kily gonzalez;Argentine retired footballer who played mainly as a left winger.

He started his career with Rosario Central which he would represent in three different spells, moving to Spain in 1996 where he appeared for Zaragoza and Valencia, amassing La Liga totals of 182 games and 23 goals over the course of seven seasons and winning the national championship with the latter. He also spent three years in Italy with Inter Milan.%


hargreaves;Owen Hargreaves;English former footballer and current television pundit for BT Sport.

He was known as a hard-working and "solid defensive midfielder who worked tirelessly to win the ball" and provide his teammates with possession.
Born in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, He played with Calgary Foothills as a youth before beginning his professional football career in Germany with Bayern Munich.
After seven years with the Munich side – during which time he won four German league titles and the 2000–01 UEFA Champions League – He signed for Manchester United in 2007, winning the Premier League and UEFA Champions League in his first season.%


jancker;carsten jancker;German football coach, currently managing SV Horn, and former professional footballer who played as a striker between 1993 and 2009 for various teams including FC Köln, Rapid Wien, FC Bayern Munich, Udinese Calcio, FC Kaiserslautern, Shanghai Shenhua F.C., and SV Mattersburg. He is currently the assistant coach of Rapid Wien.%


junghwan;ahn jung hwan;South Korean former football player and television personality. A former forward, he made world headlines by scoring the winning golden goal for South Korea against Italy in the 2002 FIFA World Cup second round, and earning him dismissal from the Italian club Perugia.

He also played for clubs in Japan, France, Germany and China, as well as being selected for South Korea in two more World Cups, in 2006 and 2010.
After his retirement as a football player, he restarted his career as a television show host (JTBC's Please Take Care of My Refrigerator and many others) and also as a football commentator.%


kuyt;dirk kuyt;Retired Dutch footballer who most recently played for Feyenoord. Originally starting his career as a striker, he played much of his career as a winger, and has also been deployed as a wingback.

He began his professional career with Utrecht in 1998 and quickly became part of its first team.
He spent five years at the club, and in his final season he won his first senior honour, the KNVB Cup, and was chosen as the season's Dutch Golden Shoe Winner.
Following this, he left Utrecht in a €1 million transfer to Feyenoord. He became the club captain in 2005 and was a prolific goalscorer at the Rotterdam club.
He was the club's top scorer for three consecutive seasons, the top goalscorer in the 2004–05 Eredivisie season, and the 2005–06 Dutch Footballer of the Year.
He missed only five games over seven seasons from 1999 until 2006 and appeared in 179 consecutive matches between 2001–06, striking up a fruitful partnership with fellow Feyenoord teammate Salomon Kalou.%


marquez;rafael marquez; Mexican footballer who plays for and captains both Mexican club Atlas and the Mexico national team.

He can play as a central defender, sweeper, or defensive midfielder. He is widely regarded as the best defender in Mexico's history and one of the best Mexican players of all time.
He began his career with Atlas in 1996, playing in over 70 games with the club before moving to France in 1999 with Monaco, where he won the Ligue 1 title. In 2003, He transferred to Barcelona, becoming the first ever Mexican to play for the club for seven years.
He would go on to play in over 200 games and win numerous championships. In 2006, he became the first Mexican player to win the UEFA Champions League when Barcelona defeated Arsenal in the final.
In 2010 Márquez joined the New York Red Bulls of Major League Soccer. After being released from the club in 2012, he moved back to Mexico, this time to play for Club León.
After captaining the team to two back-to-back league titles in 2013 and 2014, He transferred to Hellas Verona of the Italian Serie A.%


mellberg;olof mellberg;Swedish former footballer and current manager of IF Brommapojkarna.

During his career Mellberg played as a central defender or right-back and was described as being "big, strong and exceptional in the air".
He is best known for playing the majority of his career at Aston Villa as well as spells with Italian side Juventus and Greek side Olympiacos.
He played for Sweden in two World Cups and four European Championships and is a former captain of the national team.
He ended his international career with 8 goals in 117 matches.%


neuville;oliver neuville;German retired footballer who played as a striker.

During an 18-year professional career he played mainly for Bayer Leverkusen (five seasons) and Borussia Mönchengladbach (six), amassing Bundesliga totals of 334 games and 91 goals.
He gained almost 70 caps for the German national team during one full decade, representing his adopted nation in two World Cups and at Euro 2008.%


olic;ivica olic;Croatian professional footballer. During his career, he played for German Bundesliga clubs such as Hamburger SV, VfL Wolfsburg, and Bayern Munich and also for the Croatia national team.

He primarily plays as a striker but can also operate as a winger. He has been described as a relentless pursuer of the ball and possessing "power and a decent bit of pace with him".
Former Croatia manager Slaven Bilić described him as a typical "match-winner" and "king of important matches" due to his ability to score in important matches against big opponents.%


ricken;lars ricken; German retired footballer who played as a midfielder.

He represented Borussia Dortmund during his entire professional career, which spanned 15 years, being the youngest player to ever appear for the club in an official match, a record later broken by Nuri Şahin.
A German international for five years, He represented the country at the 2002 World Cup and the 1999 Confederations Cup.%


smith;alan smith;English footballer who plays for Notts County. He has also represented the England national football team, winning 19 caps.

He first came to prominence as both a striker and a right winger during his early days at Leeds United before Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson converted him to a holding midfielder after breaking his leg and dislocating his ankle against Liverpool, a role in which he continued after his transfer to Newcastle United.
Smith has earned a reputation as a hard-tackling player and is noted for his high work rate.%


solskjaer;Ole Gunnar Solskjaer;Norwegian football manager and former player. As a player, he spent most of his career playing as a forward for Manchester United. He is currently the manager of Molde FK and coach at Clausenengen U19.

Before his arrival in England, He played for Norwegian clubs Clausenengen and Molde.
He joined Manchester United in 1996 for a transfer fee of £1.5 million.
Nicknamed "The Baby-faced Assassin", he played 366 times for United, and scored 126 goals during a successful period for the club. He was regarded as a "super sub" for his trait of coming off the substitute bench to score late goals.
He's defining moment in football came in injury time of the 1999 UEFA Champions League Final, where he scored the winning last-minute goal against Bayern Munich, completing a remarkable comeback and winning The Treble for United. Before the century was up, a biography was written on him.%


srna;darijo srna;Croatian professional footballer who plays for Shakhtar Donetsk, which he captains. He also captained the Croatia national team from 2009 to 2016.

He can play all across the right wing and is known for his crossing and free kick ability.
He began his career at Hajduk Split, before moving to Shakhtar in 2003. He has won numerous trophies during his time at Shakhtar, including a UEFA Cup title in 2009, seven Ukrainian Premier League titles, five Ukrainian Cup titles and five Ukrainian Super Cup titles.
He made his international debut for Croatia in November 2002. In 2009, then manager Slaven Bilić made him the captain of the national team, a position he would hold until retirement from international football in 2016.%


yorke;dwight yorke;Tobagonian former football player. Throughout his club career, he played for Aston Villa, Manchester United, Blackburn Rovers, Birmingham City, Sydney, and Sunderland, mainly as a forward, between 1988 and 2009. He was the assistant manager of the Trinidad and Tobago national team until the completion of the qualifying matches for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.

At international level, Yorke represented Trinidad and Tobago on 74 occasions between 1989 and 2009, scoring 19 goals.
He helped his nation reach the semi-finals of the 2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup, and also helped Trinidad and Tobago to qualify for the FIFA World Cup for the first time in its history, later representing his national side in the final tournament in 2006.
Along with Russell Latapy and Pat Jennings, He holds the record number of participations in different World Cup competitions, including qualifying stages – six in total (1990, 1994, 1998, 2002, 2006 and 2010).%