abidal;eric abidal;French retired professional footballer who played as a left back or a central defender.

In his career, he played mainly for Lyon and Barcelona, winning 18 titles with both teams combined including two Champions League trophies with the latter. His later career was marked by liver disease, resulting in a transplant.
A French international across nine years, he represented the nation in two World Cups – finishing second in 2006 – and Euro 2008.%


aspas;iago aspas;Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Celta de Vigo and the Spain national team.

He spent most of his career with Celta, appearing in 242 official games over the course of eight seasons and scoring 94 goals.
He made his La Liga debut with the club in 2012 and moved to Liverpool the following year, returning to Celta in 2015.%


barry;gareth barry;English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for West Bromwich Albion.

He has made 628 appearances in the Premier League
He is a former England international, having won his first full cap in 2000 and captained the side in 2010 in a friendly against Egypt. He earned 53 caps in total, scoring 3 goals, and was included in England's squads at UEFA Euro 2000 and the 2010 FIFA World Cup.%


begovic;asmir begovic;osnian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Bournemouth and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team, for which he is vice-captain.

In November 2013 he became the fifth goalkeeper to score a goal in the Premier League, scoring from 97.5 yards against Southampton after 13 seconds, also getting the World Record for 'longest goal scored in football.'
In July 2015, he joined Premier League champions Chelsea for a fee of £8 million, remaining second-choice until his move to Bournemouth two years later.%


bravo;claudio bravo;Chilean professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Manchester City and the Chile national team.

He started playing with Colo-Colo and moved to Real Sociedad in 2006, appearing in 237 official games with the latter club.
Barcelona signed him for €12 million in 2014, and he won the treble and the Zamora Trophy in his first season. In the summer of 2016, he moved to Manchester City.%


douglascosta;douglas costa;Brazilian footballer who plays for Italian club Juventus on loan from Bayern Munich and the Brazil national team as a winger.

He is known for his dribbling skills, speed and crossing ability.
He started his career with Grêmio, before moving to Shakhtar Donetsk in January 2010 for a fee of €6 million.
He won numerous trophies with Shakhtar, including a domestic treble in the 2010–11 season (Premier League, the Ukrainian Cup and the Super Cup). In 2015, he joined Bayern for €30 million.%

mariogomez;mario gomez;German professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bundesliga club VfL Wolfsburg, and the Germany national team.

He joined Fiorentina after spending four seasons with Bayern Munich, which he joined after six years playing for VfB Stuttgart.
At the time the fee was a record for a player transferred in the Bundesliga, estimated to be €30–35 million. The fee is currently the third highest, after former Bayern teammates Mario Götze and Javi Martínez, respectively.
When Stuttgart became champions in 2006–07, he contributed 14 goals and 7 assists at age 21 and was selected as German Footballer of the Year.%


insigne;lorenzo insigne;Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward or attacking midfielder for Napoli and the Italy national team.

He began his professional career with Napoli in 2009, making his Serie A debut in 2010, but was later sent on consecutive season loan spells to Foggia and Pescara, before returning to Napoli in 2012.
He is capable of playing on either flank, or through the centre, but is usually deployed as left winger. He is known in particular for his creativity, speed and technical ability, as well as his accuracy from free-kicks.%


keylornavas;Keylor Navas;Costa Rican professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Costa Rica national team.

After starting out at Saprissa he moved to Albacete, and then to Levante in La Liga. He joined Real Madrid in 2014 for €10 million.
He has played over 70 times for Costa Rica since making his debut in 2008. He has represented the country at two CONCACAF Gold Cups and the 2014 World Cup; his impressive performances helped the team reach the quarter-finals of the latter tournament.%


koke;koke;Spanish professional footballer who plays for Atlético Madrid and the Spain national team as a midfielder.

He spent most of his career with Atlético Madrid since making his debut with the first team in 2009, playing over 300 official games and winning five honours, including the 2014 national championship and the 2012 Europa League.%


lamela;erik lamela;Argentine footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Tottenham Hotspur and the Argentina national team.

He is known for his exceptional dribbling ability and pace and is nicknamed "Coco".
He began his career at River Plate, and in 2011 transferred to Roma for an initial €12 million. After two Serie A seasons, he joined Tottenham for a fee of £25.8 million.
A full international since 2011, he was part of the Argentine squad which finished as runners-up at the 2015 Copa América.%


lavezzi;Ezequiel Lavezzi;Argentine professional footballer who plays for Chinese club Hebei China Fortune and the Argentina national team as a forward.

He is known for his pace, hardworking style of play, technique, creativity, and dribbling ability; although he is usually deployed as a winger, he has also been used as a second striker or as an attacking midfielder on occasion.
Throughout his career, his lucrative pay deals and relatively disappointing performances on the pitch have led him to be widely regarded as one of the most overrated footballers of all time.%


martial;Anthony Martial;French professional footballer who plays as a forward for English Premier League club Manchester United and the France national team.

French professional footballer who plays as a forward for English Premier League club Manchester United and the France national team.
He was the recipient of the 2015 Golden Boy Award for the best under-21 player in Europe.%


nolito;nolito;Spanish professional footballer who plays as a winger or a forward for Sevilla FC and the Spain national team.

Having begun his career at lower league clubs he signed for Barcelona in 2008, playing predominantly with its reserves. Three years later he moved to Benfica in Portugal, and was loaned back to Spain with Granada before joining Celta in 2013.%


oscar;oscar;Brazilian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Chinese club Shanghai SIPG and the Brazil national team.

He began his career at São Paulo, and in 2009, he went to court against the club due to irregularities in his contract. After a series of controversies, he left for Internacional, where he spent the next three years of his career.
His displays for club and country led to him signing for Chelsea for a fee of R$61.575 million. After four-and-a-half years with Chelsea, he signed for Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG for Asian transfer record £60 million in December 2016.%


rakitic;ivan rakitic;Croatian professional footballer who plays as a central or attacking midfielder for Spanish club FC Barcelona and the Croatia national team.

He started his professional career at Basel and spent two seasons with them before he was signed by Schalke 04. After spending three-and-a-half seasons in the Bundesliga, he was signed by Sevilla in January 2011.
Barcelona and Sevilla reached an agreement on the transfer. In his first season with Barça, he won the treble of La Liga, Copa del Rey and UEFA Champions League.%


ruiz;bryan ruiz;Costa Rican professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Sporting CP. He is a left-footed attacking midfielder who can play as a second striker, and the captain of the Costa Rica national team.%


veratti;Marco Verratti; Italian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Italy national team.

A creative, hard-working, and technically gifted playmaker, he began his career with Italian club Pescara in 2008, where he soon rose to prominence as one of the best young midfielders in Europe, helping the team to win the 2011–12 Serie B title, and winning the 2012 Bravo Award.
His playing style drew comparisons with Andrea Pirlo, due to his passing ability, vision, and control, as well as his similar transition from the role of trequartista to that of a regista.
In July 2012, he transferred to French side Paris Saint-Germain, where he won four consecutive Ligue 1 titles from 2012 to 2016, among other domestic and individual trophies.%


welbeck;Danny Welbeck;English professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Arsenal and the England national team. He primarily plays as a forward but can also play as a winger.

He made his way through the youth teams at Manchester United before making his senior debut in 2008 and scoring in the process. He was with United when they won the 2008–09 League Cup and the 2008 FIFA Club World Cup before being sent on loan to Preston North End and more recently Sunderland.
From the 2011–12 season, he was a regular figure in the Manchester United first team. He was transferred to Arsenal in September 2014 for a £16 million fee.%


bailiy;Eric Bailly; Ivorian professional footballer who plays for English club Manchester United and the Ivory Coast national team. Mainly a central defender, he can also play as a right-back.

He began his professional career at Spain's Espanyol, before transferring to Villarreal. He spent two seasons at the club, before signing for Manchester United in June 2016.
He made his international debut for the Ivory Coast in 2015 and helped them win that year's Africa Cup of Nations.%