ancelotti;carlo ancelotti;Italian former footballer and football manager. He is currently manager of German club Bayern Munich.

He is the only manager to have won the UEFA Champions League three times and reached four finals (three finals and two victories with Milan, and one victory with Real Madrid).
Nicknamed Carletto, He played as a midfielder and began his career with Italian club Parma, helping the club to Serie B promotion in 1979.
He moved to Roma the following season, where he won a Serie A title and four Coppa Italia titles, and also played for the late 1980s Milan team, with which he won two league titles and two European Cups, among other titles.%


beckham;david beckham;English former professional footballer.

He played for Manchester United, Preston North End, Real Madrid, Milan, LA Galaxy, Paris Saint-Germain, and the England national team for which he held the appearance record for an outfield player until 2016 when Wayne Rooney surpassed his total.
He is the first English player to win league titles in four countries: England, Spain, the United States and France. He announced his retirement in May 2013 after a 20-year career, during which he won 19 major trophies%


conte;antonio conte;Italian professional football manager and former player. He is currently the head coach of Premier League club Chelsea.

Playing as a midfielder, He began his career at local club Lecce and later became one of the most decorated and influential players in the history of Juventus.
He captained the team and won the UEFA Champions League, as well as five Serie A titles, among other honours. He also played for the Italy national team and was a participant at the 1994 FIFA World Cup and the UEFA Euro 2000, where, on both occasions, Italy finished runners-up.%


cruyff;johan cruyff;Dutch professional football player and coach.

As a player, he won the Ballon d'Or three times, in 1971, 1973, and 1974. He was the most famous exponent of the football philosophy known as Total Football explored by Rinus Michels, and is widely regarded as one of the greatest players in football history.
In the 1970s, Dutch football rose from near obscurity to become a powerhouse in the sport. He led the Netherlands to the final of the 1974 FIFA World Cup and received the Golden Ball as player of the tournament.
At the 1974 finals, he executed a feint that subsequently was named after him, a move widely replicated in the modern game.%


davids;edgar davids;Surinamese-born Dutch former professional footballer.

After beginning his career with Ajax, winning several domestic and international titles, he subsequently played in Italy for Milan, and later enjoyed a successful spell with Juventus, before being loaned out to Barcelona in 2004.
He went on to play for Inter Milan and Tottenham Hotspur before returning to Ajax. Having struggled with injuries for two years, He returned to competitive football during a brief spell with Crystal Palace before retiring at the age of 37.
In 2012, he was appointed player-manager at the English League Two club Barnet. He resigned by mutual agreement as manager in January 2014. He was capped 74 times by the Netherlands at international level, scoring six goals, and represented his country at the FIFA World Cup (once) and the UEFA European Championship (three times).%


guardiola;pep guardiola;Spanish professional football coach and former player who is the current manager of Manchester City.

Regarded as one of the best players of his generation, He was a creative and technically gifted midfielder who usually played in a deep-lying playmaking role as a defensive midfielder.
He spent the majority of his career with Barcelona, forming a part of Johan Cruyff's "Dream Team" that won the club's first European Cup in 1992, and four successive La Liga titles from 1991 to 1994.
He later captained the team from 1997 to 2001. He then played for Brescia and Roma in Italy, Al-Ahli in Qatar, and Dorados de Sinaloa in Mexico while training to be a manager.%


henry;Thierry Henry; Retired French professional footballer who played as a forward, and the current second assistant manager of the Belgium national team.

He played for Monaco, Juventus, Barcelona, New York Red Bulls and spent eight years at Arsenal where he is the club's all-time record goalscorer.
At international level he represented France and is his country's record goalscorer.
He made his professional debut with Monaco in 1994. Good form led to an international call-up in 1998, after which he signed for the Serie A defending champions Juventus.
A year later he signed for Premier League club Arsenal for £11 million.%


inzaghi;Filippo Inzaghi;Retired Italian professional footballer and a manager. He is currently the manager of Venezia.

He played as a striker for several Italian clubs, and spent the most notable spells of his club career with Juventus and Milan, winning two UEFA Champions League titles (2003, 2007), and three Serie A titles (1998, 2004, 2011).
He is one of the most prolific goalscorers of all time, and the fifth in Italy, with 313 goals scored in official matches.%


kahn;oliver kahn;Former German football goalkeeper.

He started his career in the Karlsruher SC Junior team in 1975. Twelve years later, He made his debut match in the professional squad. In 1994, he was transferred to Bayern Munich for the fee of DM4.6 million, where he played until the end of his career in 2008.
His commanding presence in goal and aggressive style earned him nicknames such as Der Titan (English: the Titan) from the press and Vol-kahn-o ("volcano") from fans.%


keane;Roy Keane; Irish football assistant manager and former professional football player.

He is the joint-most successful Irish footballer of all time, having won 19 major trophies, 17 of which came at Manchester United, in his club career.
He is currently the assistant manager of the Republic of Ireland national football team.%


milner;james milner;English professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Liverpool.

A versatile player, he has been utilised in many different positions such as on the wing, in midfield and most recently at left-back.
He's talent in football, cricket, and long-distance running was recognised at a very young age. He represented his school in these sports and played football for amateur teams from Rawdon and Horsforth.
He supported Leeds United from a young age and was a season ticket holder at the club. In 1996, he joined the Leeds United youth academy.
He made his debut for the first team in 2002 aged only 16 and gained prominence as the youngest player to score in the Premier League.%


nesta;Alessandro Nesta;Italian professional football manager and former player. He is the head coach of Miami FC of the North American Soccer League (NASL).

Widely considered to be one of the best centre-backs of his time and also as one of the greatest defenders ever, he was best known for his pace, artistic tackles, elegance on the ball, distribution and tight marking of opponents.
He made over 400 Serie A appearances in a 20-year career spread between Lazio and Milan, winning domestic and European honours with both clubs as well as playing in Major League Soccer (MLS) for the Montreal Impact.%


neville;Gary Neville;English football coach and former player who until recently served as assistant manager for the England national football team, and as co-owner of Salford City.

Since retiring from football in 2011, He went into punditry and was a commentator for Sky Sports until he took over the head coach position at Valencia.
After being sacked by the club in 2016, he returned to his position as a pundit for Sky Sports later that year.
He spent his entire playing career at Old Trafford, making him a one-club man. At the time of his retirement in 2011, he was Manchester United's second longest serving player in the squad, behind long-time team-mate Ryan Giggs, and had served as club captain for five years.%


owen;Michael Owen;English former footballer who played as a striker for Liverpool, Real Madrid, Newcastle United, Manchester United and Stoke City, as well as for the England national team.

Since retiring from football, he has become a successful racehorse breeder and owner.
He was born in Chester and began his senior career at Liverpool in 1996. He progressed through the Liverpool youth team and scored on his debut in May 1997.
In his first full season in the Premier League, he finished as joint top scorer with 18 goals. He repeated this the following year and was Liverpool's top goal-scorer from 1997–2004, gaining his name as a proven goal-scorer despite suffering from a recurring hamstring injury.
In 2001, Liverpool won a cup treble of the UEFA Cup, FA Cup and Football League Cup, and He was the recipient of the Ballon d'Or.%


pele;pele;Retired Brazilian professional footballer who played as a forward.

He is widely regarded as the greatest football player of all time. In 1999, he was voted World Player of the Century by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS).
He began playing for Santos at age 15 and the Brazil national football team at 16. During his international career, he won three FIFA World Cups: 1958, 1962 and 1970, being the only player ever to do so.
He is the all-time leading goalscorer for Brazil with 77 goals in 92 games.%


rijkaard;frank rijkaard; Dutch former footballer and former manager who played as a midfielder or defender.

He has played for Ajax, Real Zaragoza and Milan and represented the Netherlands national team side 73 times, scoring 10 goals.
In his managerial career, he has been at the helm of the Netherlands national team, Sparta Rotterdam, Barcelona, Galatasaray and the Saudi Arabia national team.%


scholes;Paul Scholes;English retired footballer who played his entire professional career for Manchester United.

He is currently co-owner of Salford City and a television pundit for BT Sport.
He is the most decorated English footballer of all time, and one of the most successful footballers in history, having won a total of 25 trophies, featuring 11 Premier League titles and two Champions League titles.
He made 718 appearances for United, the third-highest number of appearances by any player for the club.
He announced his retirement from playing on 31 May 2011, receiving a testimonial match, and began his coaching career at the club from the 2011–12 season onward.%


shearer;Alan Shearer;Retired English footballer.

He played as a striker in the top level of English league football for Southampton, Blackburn Rovers, Newcastle United and for the England national team.
He is Newcastle's and the Premier League's record goalscorer. He was named Football Writers' Association Player of the Year in 1994 and won the PFA Player of the Year award in 1995. In 1996, he was third in the FIFA World Player of the Year awards.
In 2004 He was named by Pelé in the FIFA 100 list of the world's greatest living players.
He scored 283 league goals in his career, including a record 260 in the Premier League (of which 58 were penalties) with a record 11 Premier League hat-tricks, and a total of 422 in all competitions including international at all levels.%


trezeguet;David Trezeguet;French former footballer who played as a striker.

He began his career in Argentina with Club Atlético Platense at the age of eight, progressing through their youth system to their first team, where he made his debut in the Primera División in 1994.
After one season, he transferred to Ligue 1 side AS Monaco, where he would form a striking partnership with international teammate Thierry Henry, winning the league in the 1996–97 season.
He left the club in 2000, having scored 52 goals in 93 Ligue 1 appearances and having claimed two Ligue 1 championships and the 1997 Trophée des champions.
In 2000, Trezeguet signed for Italian Serie A club Juventus for a transfer fee of £20 million. With 24 goals, he was the joint recipient of the Capocannoniere award for top scorer as his team won the 2001–02 Serie A title%


rose;danny rose;English professional footballer who plays as a left back for Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur and the England national football team.

He started his professional career at Leeds United in 2006, having progressed through the club's youth ranks, but left for current club Tottenham Hotspur in July 2007, having never played for Leeds.
Having failed to break into the first team, he joined Watford on loan in March 2009, making seven appearances, and then joined Peterborough United on loan in September 2009.
He made six appearances for Peterborough, he returned to Tottenham, and made his debut for the latter club.
He still been unable to establish himself as a regular player, he joined Bristol City on loan in September 2010, and made 17 appearances.
Although he became more involved in the Tottenham team during the 2011–12 season, making 20 appearances in all competitions, he spent the following season on loan to Sunderland, where he made 29 appearances.%
