baraja;ruben baraja;Spanish retired footballer, and a current manager.

A complete central midfielder with good tackling and offensive qualities together with accurate passing and goalscoring ability, he played mostly for Valencia during a 17-year professional career, being an essential figure in five of the club's major titles, which included two La Liga championships.
For five years He was also a consistent part of the Spanish national team, appearing in one World Cup and one European Championship and gaining nearly 50 caps.%


bierhoff;oliver bierhoff;Retired German former footballer who scored the first golden goal in the history of major international football, for Germany in the Euro 96 final, a career-defining performance that vaulted him into the international limelight.

A tall, strong and prolific goalscorer, he was mostly renowned for his excellent abilities in the air, and as a target man, being able to deliver pin-point headers towards goal.%


laudrup;brian laudrup;retired Danish footballer who played as a forward or as a midfielder. He currently works as a football commentator, pundit and analyst on Kanal 5 and 6'eren. Along with former international goalkeeper Lars Høgh, Laudrup manages a football academy for marginalised youth.

During his short playing career which eventually stalled due to injury, Laudrup represented a number of European clubs. He started with Danish club Brøndby, winning two Danish championships in the late 1980s. He then played for German and Italian clubs, winning the 1994 Serie A as well as the 1994 UEFA Champions League title with A.C. Milan.
He was a vital part of the Rangers team which dominated the Scottish Premier Division in the 1990s, winning three championships among others. He won the 1998 UEFA Super Cup in his brief stint with English club Chelsea, and had a brief stint with FC Copenhagen in Denmark, before ending his career with Dutch club Ajax in 2000. He played 82 games and scored 21 goals for the Danish national team, and was a vital part of the Danish teams who won the Euro 1992 and 1995 Confederations Cup.%


amoroso;marcio amoroso;Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward or on occasion as an attacking midfielder.

He played for several teams in Japan, Italy, Germany, Spain and Greece, while also representing Brazil at international level, winning the 1999 Copa América.
In his prime, he was a very talented striker with great dribbling skills and goalscoring ability, who was also capable of creating chances for team-mates.%


cafu;cafu;Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a defender.

With 142 appearances for the Brazil national football team, he is the most internationally capped male Brazilian player of all time.
He represented his nation in four FIFA World Cups between 1994 and 2006, and is the only player to have appeared in three consecutive World Cup finals, winning the 1994 and 2002 editions of the tournament, the latter as his team's captain.
With Brazil, he also took part in four editions of the Copa América, winning the title twice, in 1997 and 1999.
He was also a member of the national side that won the 1997 FIFA Confederations Cup.%


campbell;sol campbell;Former England international footballer.

A central defender, he had a 20-year career playing in the Premier League and an 11-year international career.
Born in east London to Jamaican parents, he began his career with Tottenham Hotspur in December 1992.
He spent nine years at Spurs, scoring 10 goals in 255 appearances, and captaining the team to victory in the 1999 Football League Cup Final against Leicester City.
In 2001, he joined Tottenham's North London rivals Arsenal on a free transfer, and as a result remained a hated figure amongst many Spurs supporters for the rest of his career.
In his five years and 195 appearances at Arsenal he won two Premier League winners medals and two FA Cup winners medals, encompassing the 2001–02 league and FA Cup double, and being part of the team that became known as The Invincibles for their undefeated 2003–04 Premier League campaign.
He scored Arsenal's only goal in their 2–1 defeat to Barcelona in the 2006 UEFA Champions League Final.
In August 2006 he joined Portsmouth on a free transfer, his three years with the club included captaining them to victory in the 2008 FA Cup Final. At the end of the 2008–09 season he made the surprise move of dropping down three levels of the English football pyramid to join League Two side Notts County on a free transfer.
He left the club by mutual consent in September 2009, having played just one game for the club. The next year he made a brief return to Arsenal, before ending his career with Newcastle United.%


chilavert;jose luis chilavert;Paraguayan former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Sportivo Luqueño, Guaraní, San Lorenzo de Almagro, Real Zaragoza, Vélez Sarsfield, RC Strasbourg, Peñarol, and the Paraguay national football team.

He won 12 club titles, including the 1994 Copa Libertadores and the 1994 Intercontinental Cup, while playing for Vélez Sarsfield, and is a three-time IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper award winner. An agile shot-stopper, outside of his goalkeeping position, He was also known for his skills as a free kick specialist, and often took penalties.
He scored 67 goals in his professional career, many of them crucial, including eight in international matches. Four of his international goals were scored during Paraguay's qualification for the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
He is the second-highest goalscoring goalkeeper of all time, surpassed only by Brazilian keeper Rogerio Ceni, and is the only goalkeeper to score a hat-trick.
He was also known for his eccentricity and his fiery temper, which brought him his fair share of controversies; most notorious among them was his being sent off in 1997 for brawling with Colombian striker Faustino Asprilla.
He was nicknamed "El Buldog" ("The Bulldog") and often wore a cartoon bulldog on his goalkeeper jersey.%


cocu;phillip cocu;Dutch professional football manager and former player, currently coaching PSV.

He was born in Eindhoven but raised in Zevenaar, playing youth football for local clubs DCS and De Graafschap. After a year at AFC '34, he started his professional career at AZ. In 1990, he moved to Vitesse.
A broken fibula disrupted his first season, but he became a first-team regular in the following four seasons.
In 1995, he joined PSV, where he won the KNVB Cup and the Eredivisie title in 1997.
He played for Barcelona between 1998 and 2004. There, he would become club captain, win La Liga in 1999 and play two Champions League semi-finals.
At his return to PSV in 2004, he was the foreign player with the most league appearances for Barcelona.
During He’s second stint at PSV, he won another three Eredivisie titles and reached the Champions League semi-finals.
After a year at Al Jazira, Cocu retired from professional football.%


kewell;Harry Kewell; Australian football coach and former player who is the head coach of League Two club Crawley Town.

He played for Leeds United, Liverpool, Galatasaray, Melbourne Victory, Al-Gharafa and Melbourne Heart.
While at Leeds he was named the PFA Young Player of the Year in 2000. Internationally he has received 58 caps, and scored 17 goals, while playing for the Australian national team.
A left winger also capable of playing as an attacking midfielder or second striker, he is often regarded within the media as "Australia's finest football export", despite his career being blighted with injury.
In 2012, He was named Australia's greatest footballer in a vote by Australian fans, players and media.%


platini;michel platini;French former football player, manager and administrator. Nicknamed Le Roi (The King) for his ability and leadership, he is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time.

He won the Ballon d'Or three times, in 1983, 1984 and 1985, and came sixth in the FIFA Player of the Century vote.
In recognition of his achievements, he was named Chevalier of the Legion of Honour in 1985 and became Officier in 1988.
During his career, he played for the clubs Nancy, Saint-Étienne, and Juventus. Despite primarily serving as an advanced midfield playmaker, he was a prolific goalscorer.
He won the Serie A capocannoniere award three consecutive times between 1983 and 1985, and was the top scorer of Juventus's victorious 1984–85 European Cup campaign.
He was a key player of the French national team that won the 1984 European Championship, a tournament in which he was the top scorer and best player, and reached the semi-finals of the 1982 and 1986 World Cups.
Together with the midfielders Alain Giresse, Luis Fernández and Jean Tigana, he formed the carré magique (magic square) of the French team in the 1980s. Platini was his country's record goalscorer until 2007, and holds the record for most goals (9) scored in the European Championship despite only appearing in the victorious 1984 edition.%


platt;david platt;English former professional footballer who played at both club and international levels as a midfielder.

Born in Chadderton, Lancashire, he began his career as an apprentice at Manchester United but later moved to Crewe Alexandra where he began building a reputation as a goal scoring midfield player.
In 1988, aged 22, he signed for Aston Villa and in 1989 he gained the attention of Sir Bobby Robson, the then England manager and made his debut.
At the 1990 FIFA World Cup, he increased his continental reputation by scoring goals with both head and feet, whilst displaying good technique, passing abilities, and high work rates.
His performances in Italy earned him a move to Bari in 1991.%


puskas;ferenc puskas;Hungarian footballer and manager, widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time.

A prolific forward, he scored 84 goals in 85 international matches for Hungary, and 514 goals in 529 matches in the Hungarian and Spanish leagues.
He's Hungary career is often said to be 83 goals in 84 games - the extra game and goal was from a match vs Lebanon that was played in 1956, however it was only recognised as an official game by the Hungarian FA in May 2002.
He became an Olympic champion in 1952 and led his nation to the final of the 1954 World Cup where he was named the tournament's best player.
He won three European Cups (1959, 1960, 1966), 10 national championships (5 Hungarian and 5 Spanish Primera División) and 8 top individual scoring honors.%


robson;bobby robson;English footballer and football manager. His career included periods playing for and later managing the England national team.

He's professional playing career as an inside-forward spanned nearly 20 years, during which he played for three clubs: Fulham, West Bromwich Albion, and, briefly, Vancouver Royals.
He also made 20 appearances for England, scoring four goals. After his playing career he found success as both a club and international manager, winning league championships in both the Netherlands and Portugal, earning trophies in England and Spain, and taking England to the semi-final of the 1990 World Cup, which remains the national team's best run in a World Cup since 1966.
His last management role was as a mentor to the manager of the Irish national football team.%


tigana;jean tigana;Former French international footballer, having played in midfield and managed professional football extensively throughout France, including 52 appearances and one goal for the France national football team during the 1980s.

He most recently coached Chinese Super League outfit Shanghai Shenhua.
In his prime, he was a tireless central midfielder, renowned as one of the best midfielders in the world during the 1980s.%


vialli;gianluca vialli;Italian football manager and former footballer who played as a striker. Since retiring, he has gone into management and punditry and is a commentator for Sky Sport Italia.

He started his club career at Cremonese in 1980 in his native Italy where he made 105 league appearances scoring 23 goals.
His performances impressed Sampdoria who signed him in 1984. During which time he scored 85 league goals, won 3 Italian cups, the Serie A and the European Cup Winners Cup.
He transferred to Juventus for a World record £12.5 million in 1992. During this time he won the Italian Cup, the Serie A, Italian Supercup, UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Cup.
In 1996 he joined Chelsea and became Chelsea player manager the following season. In England he won the FA Cup, League Cup, UEFA Cup Winners Cup and UEFA Super Cup.
He is one of ten footballers to have won the three main European club competitions, and the only forward to have done so; he is also the only player in European footballing history to have both winner's and runner's up medals in all three main European club competitions.%


vieri;christian vieri; Italian former professional footballer who played as a centre forward.

He was named in the FIFA 100, a list of the 125 greatest living footballers selected by Pelé as a part of FIFA's centenary celebrations.
For a number of years, he was regarded as one of the finest strikers in Europe, leading to him becoming the world's most expensive player in 1999 when Internazionale paid Lazio £32 million (€43 million) for his services.
Something of a footballing nomad, He played for no fewer than 12 clubs throughout his career, mainly in Italy, but also in Spain and France.
He started his career with Torino in 1991, but his most notable and successful spells were those at Juventus, Atlético Madrid, Lazio and Inter, clubs with which he won several honours.%


zamorano;ivan zamorano;Retired Chilean football striker. Along with Marcelo Salas and Elias Figueroa he is regarded as one of Chile's most recognized footballers.

He was a member of the Chilean national team and played in the 1998 World Cup and four Copa América tournaments.
He played for several clubs, notably Spanish clubs Sevilla and Real Madrid C.F. as well as Italian club Internazionale.
He won the 1994–95 La Liga title and was the season's top scorer with Real Madrid. He also won the UEFA Cup with Internazionale.
A powerful and prolific goal-scorer, he was particularly renowned for his strength and ability in the air, with many of his goals coming from headers.
 In 2004, he was selected among the FIFA 100, a list of the best living football players in the world compiled by Pelé.%


zenga;walter zenga;Retired Italian footballer and current football manager. He was a long-time goalkeeper for Internazionale and the Italian national team. He also holds Romanian citizenship.

During his playing career, he was part of the Italian squad that finished fourth at the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles, United States and was starting goalkeeper for the Azzurri team that finished third in the 1990 FIFA World Cup tournament held in Italy, keeping a World Cup record unbeaten streak.
A three-time winner of the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper Award, he is regarded by pundits as one of the best goalkeepers of all time, and in 2013 was voted the eighth best goalkeeper of the past quarter-century by IFFHS.
In 2000, he also placed 20th in the World Keeper of the Century Elections by the same organisation.%


zico;zico; Brazilian coach and former footballer, who played as an attacking midfielder.

Often called the "White Pelé", he was a creative playmaker, with excellent technical skills, vision, and an eye for goal, who is considered one of the most clinical finishers and best passers ever, as well as one of the greatest players of all time.
Arguably the world's best player of the late 1970s and early 80s, he is regarded as one of the best playmakers and free kick specialists in history, able to bend the ball in all directions.
In 1999, he came eighth in the FIFA Player of the Century grand jury vote, and in 2004 was named in the FIFA 100 list of the world's greatest living players.
According to Pelé, generally considered the best player ever, "throughout the years, the one player that came closest to me was him".%


zubizarreta;andoni zubizarreta;Retired Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

The all-time most capped player for the Spanish national team for several years, he played with individual and team success for Athletic Bilbao and Barcelona (eight years with the latter, he would later work with the club in directorial capacities), appearing in more than 950 official professional matches during his club career.
He represented Spain in seven major international tournaments, four World Cups and three European Championships, starting in six of those.%