ayala;roberto ayala;Argentine former footballer who played as a centre back for the Argentina national team, as well as Valencia and Real Zaragoza in Spain, Milan and Napoli in Italy and River Plate in his native Argentina.

Regarded as one of the best central defenders of his generation, he stood out for his leadership and ability in the air throughout his career.
He captained the Argentina in a record 63 matches.
He played in three FIFA World Cups and made a total of 115 international appearances, second only to Javier Zanetti.%


balakov;krasimir balakov;Bulgarian former footballer turned manager.

A former attacking midfielder, he was a key member of the Bulgarian national team that finished fourth in the 1994 FIFA World Cup. After Hristo Stoichkov, he is considered the greatest Bulgarian footballer of his generation.%


beckenbauer;franz beckenbauer;German former professional footballer and manager.

Early in his playing career he was nicknamed Der Kaiser ("The Emperor") because of his elegant style, dominance and leadership on the field, and also as his first name "Franz" is reminiscent of the Austrian emperors.
He is widely regarded to be one of the greatest players in the history of the sport.
A versatile player who started out as a midfielder, he made his name as a central defender.
He is often credited as having invented the role of the modern sweeper or libero.%


charisteas;angelos charisteas;retired Greek footballer who played as a forward.

At club level he has played for Aris Thessaloniki, Werder Bremen, Ajax, Feyenoord, Bayer Leverkusen, Schalke 04, Arles-Avignon and Al Nassr.
Internationally, he was capped 88 times by Greece, scoring 25 goals. He was a member of the UEFA Euro 2004 winning team, scoring three goals, including the winning goal in the final against Portugal.
He also represented Greece in Euro 2008 and the 2010 World Cup.%


desailly;Marcel Desailly;Retired French footballer, who played as a centre-back or defensive midfielder and was a member of the France international squads that won the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000.

During a successful career at club level, lasting from 1986 to 2006, he won UEFA Champions League medals with both Marseille and Milan, and also played for Nantes and Chelsea, among others.%


dudek;Jerzy Dudek;Polish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

After beginning his career in his home country, he went on to have successful spells in the Netherlands and England, winning the Champions League with Liverpool in 2005 and appearing in 186 official games for the club over the course of six seasons. He also spent four years at Real Madrid.
He played 60 times for Poland – the second most-capped player in his position for several years – representing the nation at the 2002 World Cup.%


eboue;Emmanuel Eboue;Professional footballer who most recently played as a right back for Sunderland.

A natural right back, he is also able to play at right wing. First representing his national team in 2004, he played a stint at Arsenal between 2005 and 2011.
Born in Abidjan, he began his football career in the ASEC Mimosas youth academy.
In 2002, he moved to ASEC's Belgian parent club KSK Beveren and spent three seasons there.
His impressive performances in Belgium caught the eye of parent club Arsenal's scouts.%


frings;Torsten Frings;German former footballer, and current manager of Darmstadt 98.

A former midfielder, throughout his career he played for several German clubs, namely Alemannia Aachen, Werder Bremen, Borussia Dortmund, and Bayern Munich, before ending his career with Canadian MLS side Toronto FC.
At international level, he played 79 matches for the Germany national team since his debut in 2001, and represented his nation at two European Championships and two FIFA World Cups.%


kallstrom;kim kallstrom;Swedish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Djurgårdens IF. He is noted for his play-making ability and free-kick taking.

He started his career at several clubs in Sweden, winning consecutive Allsvenskan titles with Djurgården before moving to France where he represented Rennes and Lyon.
He won a range of domestic honours with Lyon and joined Spartak in 2012.
He earned 131 caps for Sweden since his debut in 2001 until 2016 when he announced his departure from international football, making him their fourth most capped player of all time.
He played in four European Championships and the 2006 FIFA World Cup.%


kuffour;samuler kuffour;Ghanaian retired professional footballer who played as a defender.

Known for his great physical power, he is best remembered for his time with Bayern Munich, whom he represented for over a decade, winning a total of 16 major titles, and playing in nearly 250 official matches.
He appeared with the Ghanaian national team in the 2006 World Cup, as well as in four Africa Cup of Nations.%


litmanen;jari litmanen;Finnish former footballer. He was the first-choice captain of the Finland national team between 1996 and 2008 in an international career that ran from 1989 to 2010.

He is widely considered to be Finland's greatest football player of all time.
He was chosen as the best Finnish player of the last 50 years by the Football Association of Finland in the UEFA Jubilee Awards in November 2003.
He also finished 42nd in the 100 Greatest Finns voting in 2004.
The Association of Football Statisticians' (The AFS) compendium of 'Greatest Ever Footballers' listed him as the 53rd best footballer ever.%


maresca;enzo maresca;Italian former footballer who played as a midfielder, and a current assistant/co-coach of Ascoli Picchio F.C. 1898.

After starting out at West Bromwich Albion in 1998, he went on to play for several clubs in his country, including Juventus who loaned him twice for the duration of his contract.
Released in 2004, he went to play one season with Fiorentina then resumed his career in La Liga with Sevilla (four years) and Málaga, appearing in 134 games and scoring 17 goals in the competition whilst winning five major titles with the former side.
In between his two spells in Spain he also spent one year in Greece with Olympiacos, returning to Italy where he played until his retirement in 2017, totalling 140 matches in the Serie A (17 goals).%


nikokovac;niko kovac;Croatian former footballer and current coach of Eintracht Frankfurt, having also managed the Croatia national team.

He was the long-standing captain of the Croatia national team before retiring from international football in January 2009.
A defensive midfielder who was known for his excellent passing and tackling skills, he was, at the time of his retirement, the oldest player in the Croatian squad and had been an important motivation raiser for them, having captained them at the 2006 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2008.
He has also enjoyed a high level of top club action, having spent most of his club career in the German Bundesliga.
He ended his playing career with Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg, where he then took the non-playing role of the reserve team coach and eventually became assistant manager under team manager Ricardo Moniz.
In January 2013, Kovač took over the Croatia national under-21 team and in October 2013 he took over the Croatia senior team following the dismissal of Igor Štimac.%


rebrov;Serhiy rebrov;Retired Ukrainian football forward, currently the manager of Al-Ahli Saudi.

He gained international fame as an attacking partner of Andriy Shevchenko at Dynamo Kyiv throughout the 1990s and as of August 2017 is the all-time top scorer of the Ukrainian Premier League together with Maksim Shatskikh.
From his debut in 1992, he was capped 75 times by Ukraine, scoring 15 goals. He played in the nation's first ever World Cup, in 2006.%


robertkovac;robert kovac;retired Croatian football defender. He was known for his ability with the ball and skill at dispossessing opponents.

He started his career in lower league clubs Rapide Wedding and Hertha Zehlendorf before making his Bundesliga debut with 1. FC Nürnberg in 1995.
Regularly featuring in the first–eleven, Kovač attracted much attention to himself and was signed at the end of the season by Leverkusen.%


roberto;sergi roberto;Spanish professional footballer who plays for FC Barcelona. Mainly a central midfielder, he can also operate as a defensive midfielder, full-back or winger.

Born in Reus, Tarragona, Catalonia, he began playing football with local UE Barri Santes Creus at the age of 8, arriving in FC Barcelona's youth academy six years later from neighbours Gimnàstic de Tarragona.
In the 2009–10 season, at only 17, he first appeared with Barça's reserves, contributing with 22 games as the team returned to the second division after 11 years.%


torosidis;vasilis torosidis;Greek footballer playing for Italian Serie A club Bologna and is serving as captain of the Greece national team.

He made his senior debut for Skoda Xanthi on 19 April 2003 at the age of 17 and scored his first goal in the Super League against Iraklis on 17 October 2005.
Having made 76 impressive appearances for the club during a five-year stint, he drew the attention of the top Greek clubs AEK Athens, Olympiacos and Panathinaikos.
He eventually joined Olympiacos on a five-year deal on 1 January 2007.%


forsberg;emil forsberg; Swedish professional footballer who plays for Bundesliga side RB Leipzig as a winger. He was voted the Swedish Midfielder of the Year in 2014 and 2016.

In January 2015, he joined German second league side RB Leipzig on a three and a half year deal.
In February 2016, he extended his contract until 2021. During the 2015–16 season Forsberg was voted the best player in 2. Bundesliga and in January 2016 Liverpool was reported eyeing Forsberg.
In round three of Bundesliga 2016–17 he was named player of the round by Kicker.%


wiltord;Sylvain Wiltord;French former footballer who played as a winger.

Highlights of his club career included his four-season spell at Arsenal, with whom he won two Premier League titles and two FA Cups. He also won the Ligue 1 title at Bordeaux and in each of his three consecutive seasons at Lyon.
With the French national team, he earned 92 caps and scored 26 goals. He played at the 1996 Olympics, two FIFA World Cups and two UEFA European Championships.
He was part of their teams which won Euro 2000 and reached the final of the 2006 World Cup.%


zebina;Jonathan Zebina;French retired footballer. Having started his career as a striker, he played right back for much of his career before being increasingly used as a centre back. An athletic defender, with good man-marking skills, he was however criticised at times throughout his career for being error-prone.
He also owns a large collection of contemporary art. and owns an art gallery in Milan.%