azpilicueta;Cesar Azpilicueta;Spanish professional footballer who plays for English club Chelsea and the Spain national team primarily as a full-back but also as a centre-back.

A youth product of Osasuna, he spent three seasons in La Liga before switching to Marseille, winning four major honours with the French club. In the summer of 2012 he moved to Chelsea, winning the Europa League in his first season and a domestic double two years later.%


barzagli;Andrea Barzagli;Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Italian club Juventus and the Italian national team.

A four-time member of the Serie A Team of the Year, He is regarded as one of the best and most consistent defenders of his generation.
After playing for several smaller Italian clubs in the lower divisions of Italian football in his early career, he made his Serie A debut with Chievo in 2003, and eventually came to prominence while playing for Palermo.
In 2008, he was signed by German side VfL Wolfsburg, where he remained for two and a half seasons, winning a Bundesliga title in 2009. In 2011, he returned to Italy, joining Juventus, where he later won six consecutive Serie A titles between 2012 and 2017, among other trophies.%


can;Emre Can;German professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for English club Liverpool and the Germany national team. A versatile player, Can can also play as a defensive midfielder, centre back or full back.

He began his senior career at Bayern Munich, playing mostly in the club's reserve side before transferring to Bayer Leverkusen in 2013.
A season later, he was signed by Liverpool for £9.75 million where he has since made over 100 appearances across all competitions.%


coentrao;Fabio Coentrao; Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal on loan from Real Madrid and the Portugal national team.

Mainly a left back he can also operate as a left winger, and occasionally as a defensive midfielder.
After starting playing professionally with Rio Ave, he signed for Benfica at 19, going on to be loaned several times before becoming an important member of the first team, as a left-back.
In 2011, he joined Real Madrid.%


cuadrado;Juan Cuadrado; Colombian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Italian club Juventus and the Colombia national team.

He is known for his direct style of play, including his pace (both on and off the ball) as well as his dribbling skills. He started off in a central role as a defensive midfielder early in his career before being moved into wider positions in which he now plays as a right winger.
Having begun his career at Independiente Medellín, Cuadrado moved to Italy in 2009 to join Udinese. Used sparingly at the club, he was loaned to Lecce for the 2011–12 season, where despite relegation from Serie A, his performances earned a transfer to Fiorentina.
In February 2015, he was signed by Chelsea, but after playing sparingly, was loaned to Juventus, where he won the Serie A title and the Coppa Italia.%


florenzi;Alessandro Florenzi;Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder or full back for Roma and the Italy national team.

He started his professional club career with Roma in 2011, and has remained with the side ever since, aside from a loan spell with Crotone during the 2011–12 season.
At international level he was a member of the Italy national under-21 football team that finished second in the 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Championship, and also represented the Italy senior side at UEFA Euro 2016.%


gervinho;Gervinho;Ivorian footballer who plays as a forward for Hebei China Fortune and the Ivory Coast national team.

He began his career at ASEC Abidjan and Toumodi F.C., before moving to Belgium in 2004 to play for the now-defunct Beveren. Between 2007 and 2011, he played in the French Ligue 1, initially at Le Mans and then at Lille.
He was sold to Arsenal in 2011, and moved to Roma in 2013. In January 2016, He moved to Hebei China Fortune F.C.%


herrera;Ander Herrera; Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for English club Manchester United and the Spain national team.

He began his career at Real Zaragoza, before moving to Athletic Bilbao in 2011 and then to Manchester United for €36 million in 2014.
He was named the club's player of the year in the 2016–17 season.%


icardi;mauro icardi;Argentine professional footballer who plays as a striker and serves as captain for Italian club Internazionale and the Argentina national team.

He started his career in the youth system at Barcelona before moving to Sampdoria, where he began his professional career.
He joined Inter in 2013, and during the 2014–15 season, he was the joint winner of the Capocannoniere title, awarded to the top scorer in Serie A.%


jagielka;Phil Jagielka;English professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Premier League club Everton and the England national team. He is also the captain of Everton.

Jagielka started his career with Sheffield United in 2000, where he played mainly as a central midfielder.
He helped them achieve top-flight status for the 2006–07 season, after which he joined Everton for a £4 million fee.%


lingard;Jesse Lingard;English professional footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League club Manchester United and the England national team.

Lingard made his senior debut while on loan at Leicester City in 2012, and spent time on loan at Birmingham City and Brighton & Hove Albion during the 2013–14 season and at Derby County in 2015.%


lovren;dejan lovren;Croatian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Premier League club Liverpool and the Croatia national team.

He began his career at Dinamo Zagreb before moving to Olympique Lyonnais in January 2010.
He spent three-and-a-half seasons with the Ligue 1 team and won the 2012 Coupe de France before he signed for Southampton in 2013. After one season with Southampton, he joined Liverpool for £20 million.%


mertens;dries mertens;Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker or winger for Italian Serie A club Napoli and the Belgium national team.

He signed for Napoli in 2013 prior to which he had stints in Belgium with Gent and Eendracht Aalst, and in the Netherlands with AGOVV Apeldoorn, Utrecht and PSV.
He made his Belgium debut in 2011 and has since made over 50 appearances for the national team. He was also part of the nation's squads at the 2014 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2016. In 2016, he was named Belgian Footballer of the Year.%


moses;Victor Moses; Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a winger or wing-back on either flank for Premier League club Chelsea and the Nigeria national team.

He began his career in the Championship with Crystal Palace, before his performances caught the eye of Wigan Athletic, where he made his Premier League debut in 2010.
After two years, his game had improved to the extent that European champions Chelsea were interested, and he signed for them in the summer of 2012.
Despite ten goals in all competitions during his first season, he spent his second season on loan to Liverpool, his third on loan at Stoke City and his fourth on loan at West Ham United.%


remy;loic remy;French professional footballer who plays for English club Chelsea and the France national team, primarily as a forward.

He was described by his former manager Didier Deschamps as "a young international who is fast and powerful with huge potential".
He was sent out on loan to Crystal Palace on 30 August 2016 but returned almost immediately on 10 September 2016 to Chelsea after sustaining an ankle injury.%


sakho;Mamadou Sakho;French professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Premier League club Liverpool, and the France national team. He is known for his tackling ability and his passing accuracy.

He began his career at Paris FC before moving to Paris Saint-Germain's youth system in 2002.
In October 2007, on his league debut, he became the youngest player ever to captain a Ligue 1 club. Sakho made over 200 appearances for the club, winning all four domestic trophies.
In 2013, he transferred to Liverpool for £18 million.%


sandro;alex sandro; Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Italian club Juventus and the Brazil national team.

A quick, energetic and offensive minded defender who is also a strong tackler and a good reader of the game, He is capable of playing anywhere along the left flank, he has also been used as a wing-back and as a wide midfielder.
He has been described as a player who is a "powerful runner, can beat opponents one-on-one and is an excellent crosser of the ball".
His playing position and playing style have drawn comparisons with compatriot and 2002 FIFA World Cup-winner Roberto Carlos.%


shaw;Luke Shaw;English professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Premier League club Manchester United and the England national team.

Originally a member of Southampton's youth system, He made his first-team debut for the club in January 2012, and signed his first professional contract in May that year before becoming a regular in the Southampton team over the next two seasons. In June 2014, Shaw was signed by Manchester United for £30 million, then a world record transfer fee for a teenager.%


valbuena;Mathieu Valbuena; French international footballer who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Fenerbahçe and the France national team.

He plays as an attacking midfielder and a winger and is known for his pace, technical ability, and tenacious style of play.
He is described by his former coach at Libourne Saint-Seurin Didier Tholot as "an explosive player who is capable of quickly taking two opponents out of the game to create space, above all due to his dribbling skills." Due to his small stature, He is nicknamed le petit vélo, which translates to "the small bike".
This is a play on He's size and the fact that the home ground of Marseille, where he played for eight years, is called the Stade Vélodrome.%


willian;willian;Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a winger or as an attacking midfielder for English club Chelsea and the Brazil national team.

He started his career at Corinthians, before joining Shakhtar in August 2007 for a fee of €14 million.
In his six years at the club, he won honours including five Ukrainian Premier League titles and the UEFA Cup in 2009.
In 2013, he briefly signed for Anzhi Makhachkala before joining Chelsea for £30 million, winning the Premier League and League Cup in his second season in England.%
