agger;Daniel Agger;Danish retired professional footballer and tattoo artist who played as a central defender for Brøndby and Liverpool and captained the Denmark national team.

He was described as "a fine reader of the game, comfortable on the ball and blessed with a ferocious shot". He was the 2007 and 2012 Danish Football Player of the Year.
He started his senior career with Brøndby in July 2004, winning the Danish Superliga and the Danish Cup, before moving to Liverpool in January 2006.
He made 175 Premier League appearances for the club (232 total) and won the League Cup and Community Shield. Agger returned to Brøndby for personal reasons in August 2014, and retired two years later at the age of 31.%


baros;milan baros;Czech football striker who currently plays for Baník Ostrava in the Czech First League.

In 2005, he was part of the Liverpool team which won the UEFA Champions League. He went on to win Ligue 1 with Lyon in 2007, the FA Cup with Portsmouth in 2008 and the Süper Lig with Galatasaray in 2012.
He has also had spells with Baník Ostrava, where he started his career, and English club Aston Villa.%


bendtner;Nicklas Bendtner;Danish footballer who plays as a forward for Norwegian club Rosenborg and the Denmark national team.

His preferred position is centre-forward, but he has also played on the right side of attack, and occasionally on the left. A large, tall, and physically strong player, he is known for his ability in the air and possesses a powerful header.%


burdisso;nicolas burdisso;Argentine professional footballer who plays as a central or right defender, although he is also capable of playing on the left. Having last played for Genoa, he is currently a free agent.

Previously of Boca Juniors and Internazionale, Burdisso has earned over 49 international caps for Argentina since his debut in 2003. He was selected for two FIFA World Cups and two Copa Americas and was part of the team which won Gold at the 2004 Summer Olympics.%


cambiasso;Esteban Cambiasso;Argentine footballer who plays for Greek club Olympiacos as a midfielder.

During his professional career, He has won 23 official titles (as of the end of 2011), being the Argentine footballer with most honours in history, one more than Alfredo Di Stéfano.
The majority of his titles were won during his ten seasons at Internazionale, including five Scudetti and the 2009–10 UEFA Champions League.%


cisse;djibril cisse;French footballer who plays for Swiss club Yverdon.

He started his career at AC Arles in 1989 at the age of eight. After seven years at the club, he had a six-month spell at Nîmes Olympique before moving to Auxerre joining the club's youth system.
He spent two years in the system before graduating to the first team in 1998. After playing for Auxerre for six seasons, scoring 90 goals in 166 appearances, he moved to Premier League club Liverpool in 2004.%


coman;Kingsley Coman;French professional footballer who plays as a forward or winger for Bayern Munich and the France national team.

Trained at Paris Saint-Germain's academy, He moved to Juventus in 2014 on the expiration of his contract, winning the Serie A and Coppa Italia in his first season in Italy.
In August 2015, he transferred on loan to Bayern Munich, winning another double in his first season.%


giovinco;Sebastian Giovinco;Italian professional footballer who plays for Canadian club Toronto FC, and the Italian national team as a forward.

A creative player on the ball, with excellent vision and technical skill, he is a free kick specialist and capable of playing in several offensive positions.
Due to his short stature, dynamic abilities and pace, He acquired the nickname formica atomica ("atomic ant", after the eponymous Hanna-Barbera character) in his youth.
In 2015, he was named one of the 100 best footballers in the world by The Guardian, FourFourTwo, and L'Équipe.%


juanfran;juanfran; Spanish professional footballer who plays for Atlético Madrid as a right back.

After starting out at Real Madrid, he went on to make a name for himself in La Liga with Osasuna and Atlético Madrid, signing for the latter in 2011 and going on to win five major titles, including the 2014 national championship.
A Spanish international since 2012, Juanfran was part of the squad that won that year's European Championship, and also represented the nation at the 2014 World Cup and Euro 2016.%


makelele;claude makelele; French former footballer and current assistant coach at Premier League club Swansea City.

In his playing career, which ended at Paris Saint-Germain, He also played for Nantes, Marseille, Celta de Vigo, Real Madrid and Chelsea.
He won league titles in France, Spain and England, as well as the 2001–02 UEFA Champions League during his time with Real Madrid.
He was a French international for 13 years, and was part of the France national team which reached the final of the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
He also represented his nation at the 2002 World Cup, two UEFA European Football Championships and the 1996 Summer Olympics.%


marchena;carlos marchena;retired Spanish footballer, and the current coach of Sevilla FC C. Mainly a central defender with an aggressive approach, he also pitched in as a defensive midfielder.

Most of his professional career was spent at Valencia (nine years), which he helped to five major titles, including two La Liga championships.
He amassed competition totals of 330 games and 11 goals during 13 seasons, also playing for Sevilla, Villarreal and Deportivo.
A Spanish international for the better part of the 2000s, He represented the nation in two World Cups and as many European Championships, winning once in each competition and earning 69 caps.%


motta;thiago motta;Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for French club Paris Saint-Germain F.C. and the Italian national team.

He spent his early career at Barcelona, where he was injury-prone. He also played two-and-a-half seasons with Internazionale before joining Paris Saint-Germain, winning 25 major titles between the three clubs combined.
Born in Brazil, He is also a citizen of Italy.[2] He represented the latter national team since 2011, appearing at the 2014 World Cup and two European Championships and finishing second at Euro 2012.%


muntari;sulley muntari;Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder, most recently for Italian club Pescara.

During his time with Internazionale, he helped the team win the Champions League in 2009–10 and the Serie A title in 2008–09 and 2009–10.
He was also part of the Portsmouth team that won the FA Cup in 2007–08. A full international for Ghana since 2002, he has earned over 80 caps for the national team and has been selected for two Africa Cup of Nations tournaments and three FIFA World Cups.%


quagliarella;fabio quagliarella;Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Sampdoria.

Throughout his career, he has played for eight different Italian clubs, winning three consecutive Serie A titles during his spell with Juventus.
At international level, he represented Italy from under-18 to under-21 youth levels before his debut for the senior national team in 2007.
He was part of the UEFA Euro 2008 and 2010 FIFA World Cup squads.%


salgado;michel salgado;Retired Spanish professional footballer who played as a right back.

Nicknamed Il Due (two in Italian), he was known for his combative tackling and attacking play. Attesting to his aggressive style, Salgado's former Real Madrid teammate Steve McManaman – where he spent an entire decade, after excellent displays at Celta – once described him as "the hardest person in the world....a genuine psychopath, even in training."
He also played three seasons in England with Blackburn Rovers.%


spahic;emir spahic;Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team. On club level, he is currently a free agent.

During his club career, he has represented teams in his homeland, Croatia, Russia, France, Spain and Germany.
A full international since 2003, he was the captain of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team from 2004 until the end of the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
He is the most-capped player in nation's history with 93 caps, also scoring 6 goals.%


stankovic;dejan stankovic;Serbian former footballer. He captained the Serbia national team until 2011, when he announced his retirement from international football.

He played as an attacking midfielder who could also play out wide on the wings, or track back in a defensive midfield role.
A tenacious and hard-working player, "Deki", as he is nicknamed, was best known for his efficient, accurate passing, versatility and creativity, as well as his ability to score goals from long distance.
He was also effective in the air, and known for his influence on the pitch.
He began his career at Red Star Belgrade, before joining Lazio in 1998. He spent more than five years with the latter club before joining Inter.%


toni;luca toni;Italian former professional footballer who played as a striker. He also was a sporting director (director of football) for Verona.

Something of a footballing nomad, at club level, He played for twelve different Italian teams throughout his career.
A late bloomer, he spent several seasons in the lower divisions of Italian football, as well as promising spells with minor Serie A clubs Vicenza and Brescia, before finally making his breakthrough with Palermo.
He helped the team to Serie A promotion during the 2003–04 season by winning the Serie B title, and was the league's top scorer with 30 goals; the following season, he helped the club qualify for Europe, scoring 20 goals in Serie A.
After two prolific seasons with Fiorentina, Toni also spent three seasons with German side Bayern Munich, where he helped the club to a domestic treble during the 2007–08 season, also reaching the UEFA Cup semi-finals, after falling out with the club's manager during his third season with the team, and being demoted to the reserve squad, he later returned to Italy on loan with Roma in 2010, and subsequently had spells with Genoa and Juventus.
In 2012, he played for Al-Nasr Dubai SC, in the UAE Arabian Gulf League, but returned to Fiorentina for a season later that year. He retired in 2016, after three seasons with Verona, the last as team captain.%


viduka;Mark Viduka;Australian retired footballer who played as a centre forward. He captained the Australia national team at the 2006 FIFA World Cup to the last 16 and holds the record of most goals scored by an Australian in the UEFA Champions League, with four.%


zaha;Wilfried Zaha;Professional footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League club Crystal Palace and the Ivory Coast national team.

He advanced into the Crystal Palace first team from their academy in 2010. In January 2013, he transferred to Manchester United for an initial fee of £10 million, Alex Ferguson's last transfer before his retirement at the end of the season.
He remained on loan at Palace until the end of the season, helping them return to the Premier League.
After an unsuccessful 2013–14 season with Manchester United (partly spent on loan at Cardiff City), He returned to Palace in August 2014 on a season-long loan, before rejoining the club on a permanent basis in February 2015.%
