akinfeev;Igor Akinfeev;Russian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for and captains both PFC CSKA Moscow and the Russia national team.

He has spent his entire career at CSKA, making 501 official appearances. He won six Russian Premier League titles, and six Russian Cups, as well as the UEFA Cup in 2005.%


camoranesi;Mauro Camoranesi;Italian football manager and former player who played as a winger.

He began his career in Argentina in 1995, where he played for Aldosivi and Banfield, also having spells in Mexico with Santos Laguna and Cruz Azul, and in Uruguay with Wanderers.
In 2000, he moved to Italy, joining Verona, where his performances earned him a transfer to defending Serie A champions Juventus in 2002.
He won the league title and the Supercoppa Italiana in his first season with the club, also reaching the Champions League final.
He spent most of his career with the Turin side, also winning a second Supercoppa Italiana during his eight seasons with the Bianconeri.%


candreva;Antonio Candreva;Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder or winger for Internazionale and the Italian national team.

He began his professional club career with Ternana in 2004, where he remained until 2007. He later moved to Udinese, remaining until 2012, but was sent on loan to Livorno, Juventus, Parma, and Cesena during his time with the club.
He subsequently transferred to Lazio, where he won the Coppa Italia in his first season with the team. He joined Inter in 2016. At international level he has represented Italy at the 2008 Summer Olympics, at the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup (winning a bronze medal in the tournament), at the 2014 FIFA World Cup, and at UEFA Euro 2016.%


carvalho;Ricardo Carvalho;Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Chinese club Shanghai SIPG and the Portugal national team.

He began his career at Porto, where he had loan spells at Leça, Vitória de Setúbal and Alverca, before winning domestic and European trophies under José Mourinho's management.
In July 2004, Carvalho transferred to Chelsea for a fee of just under €30 million. With the Blues, he won two Premier League titles in a row and one League Cup, in his first two seasons.
In 2008, he was voted the team's Players' Player of the Year. Two years later, he helped Chelsea win the league and FA Cup, the first Double in the club's history.
In August 2010, after six years with Chelsea, he transferred to Real Madrid for a fee of £6.7 million, winning three domestic honours under Mourinho's management before a free transfer to Monaco in 2013.%


gyan;Asamoah Gyan;Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Kayserispor and captains the Ghanaian national team.

He began his career in 2003 with Ghanaian Premier League club Liberty Professionals scoring a prolific ten goals in sixteen matches then spent three seasons with Serie A club Udinese via two seasons loan at Modena netting on fifteen occasions in 53 league matches and at Udinese where he scored 11 times in 39 league matches.
In 2008, He joined Ligue 1 club Rennes, netting fourteen times in forty-eight league matches during two seasons.
In 2010, He joined Premier League club Sunderland, breaking the club's transfer record and netting on ten occasions in thirty-four Premier League matches during two seasons.%


hasebe;Makoto Hasebe;Japanese footballer. He is a defensive midfielder who plays for Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt and is the captain of the Japan national football team.%


ibisevic;vedad ibisevic;Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Bundesliga club Hertha BSC and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.

He has also played in Switzerland, the United States and France. In 2008, he was awarded the Idol Nacije award for Bosnian Footballer of the Year.
A full international since 2007, He has earned over 70 caps for Bosnia and Herzegovina. He was selected for the 2014 FIFA World Cup, where he scored Bosnia's first goal in a major tournament.%


immobile;Ciro Immobile;Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Lazio and the Italy national team.

He began his career at Sorrento. In 2009, he was purchased by Juventus, and then loaned out to three different clubs before moving to Genoa in 2012.
After a season with the club, he moved to Juventus' rivals Torino. At Torino, he won the Capocannoniere award as the top scorer in Serie A, where he scored 22 goals in 33 games.
After his breakout season at Torino, he was sold to German club Borussia Dortmund for around €18 million, before moving to Sevilla in 2015. In 2016, he returned to Torino on loan, and was later sold to Lazio in July of that year.%


kameni;Carlos Kameni;Cameroonian professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Fenerbahçe SK as a goalkeeper.

He spent the vast majority of his career in Spain, mainly with Espanyol, with which he appeared in 229 official games over the course of eight La Liga seasons.
A Cameroonian international before he was 20, He represented the country in two World Cups and five Africa Cup of Nations tournaments.%


king;Ledley King;English former footballer who was a one-club man, spending his entire career playing 321 competitive matches for Tottenham Hotspur from 1999 to 2012.

Highly rated as a central defender, in 2009 he was named by The Times as Tottenham's 25th best player of all time.
From 2002 to 2010, He made 21 international appearances for England, scoring twice and representing the nation at UEFA Euro 2004 and the 2010 FIFA World Cup.%


llorente;Fernando Llorente;Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Welsh club Swansea City and the Spain national team.

He started his career with Athletic Bilbao, working his way through the various youth ranks and becoming one of the most important offensive players for the club in the following decade, since making his first team debut in 2005.
He scored 29 goals in all competitions in the 2011–12 season, and was described as a "Bilbao legend".
In 2013 he signed with Juventus, winning the Serie A twice during his two-year spell.%


lugano;Diego Lugano;Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Brazilian club São Paulo FC.

Nicknamed Tota, He has previously played for Plaza Colonia, Club Nacional de Football, São Paulo FC, Fenerbahçe, Paris Saint-Germain, Málaga CF and West Bromwich Albion.
He was also the captain of the Uruguay national football team, and was selected the best captain in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.%


montolivo;Riccardo Montolivo;Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie A club A.C. Milan, and internationally for the Italian national team.

A versatile and creative cone, Montolivo started his career with Atalanta in 2003 before being transferred to Fiorentina in 2005.
He went on to make more than 250 appearances for the club in seven years. In 2012, he signed for Milan on a free transfer and was given the club's captaincy the season following the departure of Massimo Ambrosini.
He made his debut for the Italian senior team in 2007 against South Africa and has since then represented the country in two FIFA Confederations Cups (2009 and 2013, winning a bronze medal in the latter edition of the tournament) as well as in the 2010 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2012, where he played as a starter in the final; he also took part at the 2008 Summer Olympics.%


oblak;Jan Oblak;Slovenian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Atlético Madrid and the Slovenia national team as a goalkeeper.

He signed for Portuguese club Benfica at the age of 17, and was part of the team that won the domestic treble in the 2013–14 season.
He then moved to Atlético Madrid for a fee of €16 million, becoming La Liga's most expensive goalkeeper of all time.
In 2015–16 he won the Ricardo Zamora Trophy for best goalkeeper, conceding an all-time record low of 18 goals.
He won the award again the following season.%


pandev;goran pandev;Macedonian footballer who plays for Genoa as a forward. He is the captain of the Macedonian national team, and is the country's all-time top scorer with 29 goals.

After establishing himself at Lazio, He moved to Inter Milan in early 2010. While playing for the Nerazzurri, He collected a host of honours including winning the 2009–10 Serie A, the 2009–10 UEFA Champions League, and the 2010 FIFA Club World Cup.%


sigurdsson;gylfi sigurdsson;Icelandic professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Premier League club Everton and the Iceland national team. He is a specialist on set-pieces and possesses excellent long-range shooting ability.

He began his professional career with Reading in the Championship, and in 2010 was sold to Hoffenheim which was Reading's biggest sale.
He was voted Player of the Season for two consecutive seasons — for Reading in 2009–10 and for Hoffenheim in 2010–11.
After a season back in English football with Swansea City he joined Tottenham Hotspur for £8.8 million, and in 2014 moved back to Swansea as part of an exchange for Ben Davies.%


silvestre;mikael silvestre;French former footballer who played as a defender.

He began his career at Rennes in 1996, before moving to Italian club Internazionale in 1998. He joined Manchester United in 1999, where he won five Premier League titles and the UEFA Champions League in his final season at the club in 2008.
He then joined Arsenal, followed by a move to German side Werder Bremen two years later. After a further two years in Germany, he moved to the United States to play for Portland Timbers in Major League Soccer, before signing for Indian Super League side Chennaiyin in 2014, where he retired at the end of the season.%


subotic;neven subotic;Serbian footballer who plays as a centre back for the German Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund.

He made his first-team debut in the 2006–07 season for 1. FSV Mainz 05. In 2008, he signed with Borussia Dortmund.%


vicente;Vicente Rodriguez;Spanish retired footballer.

A left winger with outstanding technique, pace and netting ability, his career, blighted by constant injuries,  was mainly associated with Valencia with which he appeared in 328 official games over the course of 11 seasons, winning five major titles, including two La Liga championships.
He represented Spain during the first half of the 2000s, and played at Euro 2004.%


gilardino;Alberto Gilardino;Italian footballer who last played as a striker for Pescara.

A prolific goalscorer, in He's early career he was compared to Filippo Inzaghi due to his opportunism, positional sense and eye for goal, while Christian Vieri described him as the fusion of both players.
He currently holds the record for being the second-youngest player to have scored 100 goals in Serie A, after José Altafini.
With 188 Serie A goals, He is currently among the top 10 all-time scorers in Serie A history and ranks second among active players after Francesco Totti.%