kocsis;sandor kocsis;Hungarian footballer who played for Ferencváros TC, Budapest Honvéd, Young Fellows Zürich, FC Barcelona and Hungary as a striker. During the 1950s, along with Ferenc Puskás, Zoltán Czibor, József Bozsik and Nándor Hidegkuti, he was a member of the Mighty Magyars. After the 1956 Hungarian Revolution he moved to Spain where he became a member of the FC Barcelona team of the late 1950s.

He was a prolific goalscorer for both Budapest Honvéd and Hungary. While playing for Honvéd, he was the top goal scorer in any European league in both 1952 and 1954.
He also scored 75 goals in 68 appearances for Hungary – a 1.10 goal/game average at the game's highest level.
He was the top goal scorer in the 1954 World Cup with 11 goals, being the first player to score two hat tricks in a World Cup. His record 2.2 goal/game average in a single World Cup finals competition is still unbeaten as of 2014,[citation needed] and only Just Fontaine has scored more goals in a single World Cup.
He was particularly known for scoring headers.%


koeman;ronald koeman;Former Dutch footballer and the current manager of English club Everton.

A composed player on the ball, he was capable of being deployed both as a defender and as a midfielder, and he frequently played as a sweeper, due to his vision and his ability on the ball.
Regarded as one of the best and most prolific attacking central defenders of all time, he was renowned for his long-range passing, as well as his shooting accuracy and power from distance, especially on free kicks, and is the top scoring defender in world football, he was also an accurate penalty kick taker.%


kohler;jurgen kohler;World Cup-winning German footballer and manager, who played as a centre-back.

He has retired from professional sports, but still occasionally plays for Alemannia Adendorf in the Kreisliga C (the 11th tier of German club football).
Since October 2013, he is in charge of Rheinlandliga team SpVgg EGC Wirges.
He enjoyed a lengthy career at the highest level with exactly 500 top flight league matches, playing primarily as a centre back in the German Bundesliga, and in the Italian Serie A, achieving notable success both at domestic and international level with FC Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund and Juventus.%


mazzola;sandro mazzola;Italian former professional footballer, who played as a forward or attacking midfielder. He currently works a football analyst and commentator on the Italian National television station RAI.

He is widely regarded as one of the greatest Italian football players of all time, and as one of the best players of his generation, due to his speed, creativity, technical skills and eye for goal, he placed second in the 1971 Ballon d'Or.
Having spent his entire 17 season career with Inter, he holds the honour of being a one-club man. With the club, he won four Serie A titles (1963, 1965, 1966 and 1971), two European Cups (1964 and 1965) and two Intercontinental Cups (1964 and 1965), also winning the Serie A top scorer award during the 1964–65 season, in which he also reached the Coppa Italia final, narrowly missing out on a treble with the club.
With the Italian national side, he won the UEFA European Championship in 1968, being named to the Team of the Tournament, and reached the final of the 1970 FIFA World Cup, he also took part in the 1966 and 1974 FIFA World Cups with Italy.%


moller;anreas moller;retired German international footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. He is currently the assistant coach of the Hungary national football team.

At club level, Möller played for Eintracht Frankfurt (1985–87, 1990–92, 2003–04), Borussia Dortmund (1988–90, 1994–2000), Juventus (1992–94), and Schalke 04 (2000–03).
In his first spell with Borussia Dortmund, he won the DFB-Pokal during the 1988–89 season. After moving to Italian side Juventus, he won the UEFA Cup in 1993, beating out his former club, Borussia Dortmund, 6–1 on aggregate, with him scoring one of the goals and providing three assists across both legs of the final.
Upon his return to Dortmund, he won several domestic titles with the club, as well as the Champions League in 1997, once again beating his former team, Juventus on this occasion, 3–1, and providing two assists during the match; he followed up the victory with the Intercontinental Cup later that year. With Schalke, he won the DFB-Pokal twice more in 2001 and 2002.%


moore;bobby moore;English professional footballer. He captained West Ham United for more than ten years and was captain of the England team that won the 1966 World Cup.

He is widely regarded as one of the greatest defenders of all time, and was cited by Pelé as the greatest defender that he had ever played against.
He is a member of the World Team of the 20th Century.
He won a total of 108 caps for the England team, which at the time of his international retirement in 1973 was a national record.
This record was later broken by 125-cap goalkeeper Peter Shilton.
He's total of 108 caps continued as a record for outfield players until 28 March 2009, when David Beckham gained his 109th cap.
He was made an inaugural inductee of the English Football Hall of Fame in 2002 in recognition of his impact on the English game as a player.
The same year he was named in the BBC's list of the 100 Greatest Britons.%


munteanu;dorinel munteanu; Romanian football manager and former midfielder.

He was born in Grădinari. He started his football career playing for Metalul Bocșa, a team which offered him the first chance to play in Divizia B in 1986.
After a year he went to play for FCM Reșița and then in 1988 for FC Olt, while 1989 found him at FC Inter Sibiu.
Dinamo Bucharest bought him from FC Inter Sibiu in 1991 only to sell him to Cercle Brugge two years later. After two years in Belgium, he moved to Germany to play for 1. FC Köln and VfL Wolfsburg until 2003.
In 2003, aged 35, he was released from his contract by VfL Wolfsburg and signed with Steaua București as a free agent, only to leave the club in 2005 after a conflict with the club's Chief Executive Mihai Stoica and join the squad of CFR Cluj Napoca.%


nakata;Hidetoshi Nakata;Japanese football player who played as a midfielder. He is widely considered to be one of the most famous Asian footballers of his generation, and one of the greatest Japanese players of all time.[1]

He began his professional career in 1995 and won the Asian Football Confederation Player of the Year award in 1997 and 1998, the Scudetto with Roma in 2001, played for Japan in three FIFA World Cup tournaments (1998, 2002 and 2006) and competed in the Olympics twice (1996 and 2000).
In 2005, he was made the Knight of the Order of the Star of Italian Solidarity, one of Italy's highest honors, for improving the country's image overseas.
Nakata has also been involved in fashion, regularly attending runway shows and wearing designer clothing.%


neeskens;johan neeskens;Dutch football manager and former midfielder.

As a player, he was an important member of the Dutch national team that finished as runners-up in the 1974 and 1978 FIFA World Cups and is considered to be one of the greatest Dutch midfielders of all time.
In 2004, he was named one of the 125 Greatest Living Footballers at a FIFA Awards Ceremony., while in 2017 he has been included in the FourFourTwo list of the 100 all-time greatest players, at the 64th position.%


seeler;Uwe Seeler;Former German footballer and football official.

He played for Hamburger SV and also made 72 appearances for the West German national team.
Usually regarded as one of the greatest players in German football history, in 2004, he was named as one of FIFA's 125 greatest living players, by Pelé.
His grandson, Levin Öztunalı, is also a professional footballer.%


sforza;ciriaco sforza;Swiss former professional football player and current manager, who played as a midfielder.

After beginning his career with Swiss clubs FC Aarau and Grasshopper Club Zürich, he most notably played for Internazionale in Italy, and 1. FC Kaiserslautern, and FC Bayern Munich in Germany.
He represented the Swiss national team 79 times, and represented his country at the international 1994 World Cup and Euro 96 tournaments.%


sivori;omar sivori;Italian Argentine football player and manager who played as a forward. At club level, he is known for his successful time with Italian side Juventus during the late 1950s and early 1960s, where he won three Serie A titles among other trophies; he also played for River Plate in Argentina and Napoli in Italy.

At international level, he first appeared for the Argentine national team, winning the Copa América in 1957. Later in his career, he played for the Italian national team and took part in some of the 1962 World Cup.
After his retirement as player, he coached several teams in Argentina, including the national side.
Regarded as one of the greatest players of his generation and as one of the greatest football players of all time, he was known for his outstanding skill, speed, goalscoring ability, and technique, his footballing talent was widely acclaimed, and he won the coveted European Footballer of the Year award in 1961.%


socrates;socrates;Brazilian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. His doctorate in medicine and his political awareness earned him the nickname "Doctor Socrates".

Easily recognizable for his beard and headband, he became the "symbol of cool for a whole generation of football supporters".
He was considered to be one of the greatest midfielders ever to play the game.
In 1983, he was named South American Footballer of the Year. In 2004, he was named by Pelé in the FIFA 100 list of the world's greatest living players.
He played for Brazil for seven years, scoring 22 goals and representing the nation in two World Cups.
He captained the team in the 1982 FIFA World Cup, playing in midfield alongside Zico, Falcão and Éder, considered one of the greatest Brazilian national teams ever.
He also appeared in the 1979 and 1983 Copa América. At club level, he played for Botafogo-SP before joining Corinthians in 1978. He moved to Italy to play for Fiorentina, returning to Brazil in 1985 to end his career.%


souness;graeme souness;Retired Scottish professional football player and manager, who played as a midfielder.

He is now one of the most prominent television football pundits in the U.K. and Ireland, most notably through his work for Sky Sports.
He was the captain of the successful Liverpool team of the early 1980s, player/manager of Rangers in the late 1980s and captain of the Scottish national team.
He also played for Tottenham Hotspur, Middlesbrough and Sampdoria.%


stoickhov;hristo stoickhov;Bulgarian former footballer who is currently a football commentator for Univision Deportes. A prolific forward, he is regarded as one of the best players of his generation and is widely considered the greatest Bulgarian footballer of all-time.

He was runner-up for the FIFA World Player of the Year award in 1992 and 1994, and received the Ballon d'Or in 1994. In 2004, he was named by Pelé in the FIFA 100 list of the world's greatest living players.
At club level, he spent six years at CSKA Sofia and became the top goalscorer in Europe in 1990, receiving the European Golden Shoe.
In 1990, he joined Barcelona where he earned the Spanish nickname "El Pistolero" ("The Gunslinger"), and was part of Johan Cruyff's "Dream Team" that won four consecutive La Liga titles and one UEFA Champions League.
During his time at the club, he formed a lethal strike partnership with Romário. Cruyff was largely instrumental in bringing him to Barcelona where he quickly developed into one of the most prolific forwards in the world.%


stojkovic;dragan stojkovic;Serbian former footballer who played as a midfielder, and current manager of Guangzhou R&F.

He was long time captain of the Yugoslavia national football team and Red Star Belgrade, and is considered one of the best players in the history of Yugoslavian and Serbian football.
He starred for Yugoslavia at the 1990 FIFA World Cup (where he was named in the World Cup All-Star Team) and 1998 FIFA World Cup where he captained the team.%


suker;davor suker;retired Croatian footballer and the current president of the Croatian Football Federation, a position he has held since July 2012.

He played as a striker for a number of European clubs as well as for the Croatia national team, where he is the all-time top scorer with 45 goals.
He was born in Osijek. He began his footballing career in his hometown, playing for the local first division team NK Osijek as a 16-year-old.
During his final season there, he became the league's top goal scorer. He signed for a bigger club, Dinamo Zagreb in 1989. The war in Croatia halted a promising season for the 21-year-old, eventually resulting in He's move to Sevilla in 1991.
In La Liga, he was highly regarded, showing consistent form with Sevilla and being amongst the top goal scorers for consecutive seasons.
He signed with Real Madrid five years later, and was again amongst the league's top scorers, which helped Madrid claim the Liga title, the Supercup trophy and win the UEFA Champions League during his tenure there.%


susic;safet susic;He is currently managing Aytemiz Alanyaspor.

He was a gifted midfielder known for his dribbling skills and technical ability, and is strongly reputed to have been one of the finest European players of his generation.
He played for Yugoslavia in two FIFA World Cups, 1982 and 1990, and at UEFA Euro 1984. As manager he took the Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team to the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
He played as an attacking midfielder, often in a role of trequartista or fantasista (i.e. a creative playmaker), or rarely as secondary striker for FK Sarajevo, Paris Saint-Germain and Red Star Saint-Ouen and internationally for Yugoslavia and, later, Bosnia and Herzegovina - later during his career he was utilized more in a role of deep-lying playmaker, both for club and national team.
In 2010, France Football voted him as Paris Saint-Germain's best player of all time and the best foreign player of Ligue 1 of all time.
As part of the UEFA Jubilee Awards in 2004, the Bosnian football association chose he as the nation's greatest ever player.%


vogts;berti vogts;former German footballer who played as a defender.

He played for Borussia Mönchengladbach in the Bundesliga his whole professional club career and won the FIFA World Cup with West Germany in 1974.
He later managed the national teams of Germany (winning Euro 96), Scotland, Nigeria and Azerbaijan.
He joined the boys' football team of local sports club VfR Büttgen in 1954 at the age of seven, staying with them until his 1965 transfer to Borussia Mönchengladbach.
A right-side defender, his tenacity earned him the nickname "Der Terrier".
He was one of the key figures during Borussia's golden years in the 1970s, when it won the Bundesliga five times, the German Cup once, and the UEFA Cup twice.
He also played in the 1977 European Cup Final defeat by Liverpool.%


yashin;lev yashin;Soviet-Russian football goalkeeper, considered by many in the sport to be the greatest goalkeeper in the history of the game.

He was known for his athleticism, stature, imposing presence in goal, and acrobatic reflex saves. He was also deputy chairman of the Football Federation of the Soviet Union.
He earned iconic status for revolutionizing the goalkeeping position by stamping his authority on the entire defense.
He shouted orders at his defenders, came off his line to intercept crosses and also ran out to meet onrushing attackers, done at a time when goalkeepers spent the 90 minutes standing in the goal waiting to be called into action.
His performances made an indelible impression on a global audience at the 1958 World Cup, the first to be broadcast internationally.
He dressed head to toe in black, thus earning his nickname the 'Black Spider', which enhanced his popularity.%