akinfenwa;adebayo akinfenwa;English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Wycombe Wanderers. He is known for his physical strength and heavy build.

He's first professional breakthrough came at Doncaster Rovers, having spent time up until then in the lower leagues of English football as well as spells in Lithuania and Wales.
Following a short but successful time at Doncaster, he moved to his seventh club, Torquay United.
He proved to be a goal threat, but left the struggling team the following season to join Swansea City.
After spending two seasons with the Welsh club, he joined League One side Millwall and later moved to Northampton Town, where his goal-scoring talent was recognised by higher league clubs such as Leyton Orient and Grimsby Town.
He spent six years switching from Northampton to Gillingham, where his goal-scoring ability was still apparent. In June 2014, he signed for League Two side AFC Wimbledon. Before the 2016-17 season began, He signed for League Two side Wycombe Wanderers.%


baia;vitor baia;Retired Portuguese footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

His career was intimately connected with FC Porto, which he started representing professionally still in his teens, helping it to 27 titles and eventually remaining with the club in an ambassadorial role.
Also having played for Barcelona, he appeared with the Portugal national team in two European Championships and the 2002 World Cup.%


behrami;Valon Behrami;Swiss professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie A club Udinese. His previous clubs include Stabio, Chiasso, Lugano, Genoa, Verona, Lazio, West Ham United, Fiorentina, Napoli and Watford.

He has been capped over 60 times at international level by the Switzerland national team, playing at three World Cups and Euro 2008 since his debut in 2005.%


bradley;michael bradley;American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder. He currently captains both Canadian club Toronto C in Major League Soccer and the United States men's national soccer team.

He is currently the third highest earning player in the MLS, with a $6 million salary and $6.5 million total compensation.%


couto;fernando couto;retired Portuguese footballer who played as a central defender.

During a 21-year professional career he played in a number of top teams in Portugal, Spain and Italy (12 seasons in the latter country), appearing in nearly 600 official games and winning the double in each country, as well as three other UEFA club trophies.
At international level, he represented the Portuguese national team in 110 games, taking part in the 2002 World Cup as well as three European Championships.%


heitinga;john heitinga;Retired Dutch footballer who played as a centre back. A product of the Ajax Youth Academy, he played for their first squad from 2001 to 2008.

After a one-year spell at Atlético Madrid in Spain, he signed for Everton in 2009. Joining Fulham for six months in January 2014, he then signed with German side Hertha BSC the following Summer, signing a two-year deal with the club from Berlin.
In June 2015 he returned to his first club Ajax.
Since his debut for Dutch national team in February 2004, he has over 85 caps, and he has represented his country at two World Cups (2006 and 2010) and three European Championships (2004, 2008, and 2012). In 2008, he was named Dutch Footballer of the Year. He is of mixed Dutch and Indo ancestry.%


jankulovski;marek jankulovski;Retired Czech footballer who played as a defender. His most notable achievements include winning the UEFA Champions League with A.C. Milan and being voted the 2007 Czech Footballer of the Year.

He earned 77 caps for the Czech Republic, and represented them at three European Championships, the 2000 Olympics and the 2006 World Cup.
A quick, tenacious, and hardworking player, he was well known for his versatility, being able to play anywhere on the left side, and was used as a full-back as a wing-back and as a winger throughout his career.
He was also known for his ability to cross the ball, as well as his considerable technical ability and energetic attacking runs down the left flank.%


kaladze;kakha kaladze;Georgian politician and retired footballer, who played as a defender.

A versatile player, he was capable of playing both as a centre-back and as a left-back, or even as a wide midfielder.
He played for the Georgia national team from 1996 to 2011. He was voted Georgian Footballer of the Year in 2001–2003, and 2006 and was considered as one of Georgia's most important players.
He started his football career in 1993 at Umaglesi Liga club Dinamo Tbilisi and made 82 appearances in a five-year spell.
In 1998, he moved to the Ukrainian club Dynamo Kyiv and made 71 appearances until 2001, when he was signed by the Italian Serie A club Milan. He has won one Serie A, three Ukrainian Premier League and five Umaglesi Liga titles.
With Milan, he won the Champions League on two occasions, the UEFA Super Cup once and the FIFA Club World Cup once.
After captaining his country 50 times in 84 appearances, he announced his retirement from the Georgian national team on 11 December 2011.%


mendieta;Gaizka Mendieta;Retired Spanish footballer who played as a midfielder.

A versatile player, with good offensive and tackling skills and also being capable of creating goals for teammates and himself, he played mainly for Valencia, and finished his career with Middlesbrough in England.
Over the course of ten seasons he amassed La Liga totals of 263 games and 48 goals.
He played 40 times for Spain, appearing for the country in one World Cup and one European Championship.%


pessotto;gianluca pessotto;A former Italian international, he spent the majority of his club career with Juventus F.C., where he won several domestic and international trophies, and is now head of its youth system.

He represented his country at the 1998 FIFA World Cup, and at UEFA Euro 2000, reaching the final of the latter tournament. Despite not being the most technically gifted footballer, he was a correct, hard-working, tactically intelligent, and versatile utility player, who was able to play as a full-back or wing-back, or also as a central, defensive, or wide midfielder on either flank, despite being right-footed, he usually preferred to play on the left side of the pitch, where he was known for his ability to chase down opponents, win back the ball, and subsequently carry it up the flank.
He was also used as a centre-back on occasion, due to his consistency, awareness, and man-marking ability.%


poborsky;karel poborsky;Retired Czech professional footballer who played as a right winger. He was most noted for his technical ability.

He began and finished his club career at České Budějovice, also winning Czech First League titles at the two largest clubs in Prague, Slavia and Sparta.
Between these domestic triumphs, he won a Premier League title at Manchester United and also played for Benfica and Lazio.%


senderos;philippe senderos;Swiss professional footballer who plays as a defender for the Houston Dynamo in Major League Soccer.

He began his career at Servette, before moving to England as a teenager with Arsenal.
He totalled 116 games over seven seasons with the North London club and won the FA Cup in 2005.
Following loans to Milan and Everton, he then moved to Fulham on a free transfer in 2010, where he played for four seasons. Senderos then had brief spells at clubs in Spain, England, Scotland, Switzerland and the United States%


smicer;vladimir smicer;Czech former footballer who played as a midfielder.

He was a devout player of Slavia Prague, the only Czech club he ever played for. He also notably played for Lens in France, with whom he won the Ligue 1 title. In 1999, he moved to England where he played for Liverpool, winning multiple honours.
He is perhaps best remembered at Liverpool for his long-range goal in the 2005 Champions League Final.
Internationally, he played once for the Representation of Czechs and Slovaks team and 80 times for the Czech Republic. He retired from professional football in 2009.%


solari;santiago solari;Argentine retired footballer who played mostly as a left midfielder, and the current manager of Real Madrid Castilla.

He spent the better of his 15-year professional career in Spain, amassing La Liga totals of 177 games and 17 goals mainly in representation of Real Madrid, but also competed in Italy with Inter Milan, winning 13 major titles between both teams combined.%


suazo;david suazo;Retired Honduran professional footballer who played as a striker. He was named assistant coach of Cagliari in April 2015.

He played more than 300 league games and scored over 100 league goals in Italy during a span of 13 years.
Nicknamed La Pantera (The Panther) or El Rey David (The King David), he was born in San Pedro Sula.
In his early career, he developed alongside his cousin, Maynor Suazo, who also went on to play for the Honduran national team.%


sukur;hakan sukur;Turkish retired footballer who played as a striker. Nicknamed the "Bull of the Bosphorus" and Kral (king), he spent the majority of his professional career with Galatasaray, being a three-time Gol Kralı (Goal King, title and award given to the annual top goalscorer of the Süper Lig), representing the club in three different spells and winning a total of 14 major titles.

He represented Turkey a total of 112 times, scoring 51 goals, making him the nation's top goalscorer and 19th in the world at the time of his retirement.
One of the most prolific strikers of the modern era, he netted 383 goals throughout his club career as well as the fastest ever in a World Cup, in 2002.
He retired from football in 2008, only scoring once in single digits for his main team in 13 seasons; he was renowned for his heading ability.%


tacchinardi;alessio tacchinardi;Italian football manager and former footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.

He began his career with Atalanta. In 1994, he moved to Juventus, where he spent the majority of his career, winning 17 trophies, due to his success and performances with the club, he was one of the 50 Juventus players to have their names written inside the club's new home ground, the Juventus Stadium.
Following a two-year loan spell with Spanish side Villarreal, he moved to Brescia in 2007, where he retired after a season.
A former Italy international, he represented his nation on 13 occasions between 1995 and 2003.%


vela;carlos vela;Mexican professional footballer who plays as a winger for Spanish club Real Sociedad and the Mexico national team.

He started his career at Mexican club Guadalajara, where he caught the eye of various European clubs after finishing as the top scorer at the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship, finally joining Premier League club Arsenal that year.
After joining Arsenal, he had loan spells at Spanish clubs Salamanca and Osasuna, as well as fellow English club West Bromwich Albion, finally joining Real Sociedad initially on loan, then permanently on 10 August 2012.%


weiss;vladimir wiess;Slovak footballer who plays as a midfielder for Al-Gharafa.

He made his debut for Slovakia on 12 August 2009 in a 1–1 friendly draw with Iceland.
He was included in Slovakia's 23-man squad for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa.
He played in three out of four of his country's games in South Africa, playing a total of 270 minutes.
He impressed in the first match against New Zealand where he thrilled the crowd in a 1–1 draw.
He featured in the second group game against Paraguay which they lost 2–0 and played a full 90 minutes in the 2–1 defeat to Netherlands in the last 16.
He scored the opening goal in a Euro 2016 win against Russia,[31] and thus became the first player to score at the Euros whilst playing for a non-European club.%


werner;timo werner;German professional footballer who plays as a forward for Bundesliga club RB Leipzig and the Germany national team.

He made his debut for VfB Stuttgart on 1 August 2013 in the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League qualifying phase against PFC Botev Plovdiv.
He was 17 years, four months and 25 days old, becoming the youngest player to ever play in an official match for the Bundesliga team of VfB Stuttgart.%