adriano;adriano;Former Brazilian professional footballer who last played for Miami United.

A talented and powerful striker, Adriano's career has however been marked by inconsistency.
His main titles are four Scudetti for Inter Milan, two Brasileirão for Flamengo and for Corinthians and a FIFA Confederations Cup and Copa América for Brazil. During his time in Italy, he earned the nickname L'Imperatore (the Emperor).%


casillas;Iker Casillas;Spanish professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Porto and the Spain national team as a goalkeeper.

Having won the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper Award for a record five consecutive years, he is considered as one of the greatest and most successful goalkeepers of all time, placing second behind Gianluigi Buffon in both the IFFHS Best Goalkeeper of the past decade and quarter-century awards in 2010.
Nicknamed "San Iker" ("Saint Iker") for his ability to produce spectacular saves, in his prime he was an athletic goalkeeper, known for his quick reactions and outstanding shot-stopping ability.%


cech;petr cech;Czech professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Arsenal. He is the former captain for the Czech Republic national team.

He has previously played for Chmel Blšany, Sparta Prague, Rennes and Chelsea.
He is the most capped player in the history of the Czech national team with 124 caps, and represented the country at the 2006 World Cup, as well as the 2004, 2008, 2012, and 2016 European Championships.%


courtois;Thibaut Courtois;Belgian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Chelsea and the Belgium national team.

He graduated through the youth system of Genk, and aged 18, he played a key role in the team's Belgian Pro League victory. In July 2011 he joined Chelsea for a reported £8 million, and was immediately loaned to Atlético Madrid.
In three seasons there, he won the Europa League in 2012, the Copa del Rey in 2013 and the La Liga title in 2014. He also won the Ricardo Zamora Trophy for best goalkeeper in La Liga, for his performances in his two latter seasons.
He returned to Chelsea in July 2014, and in his first season he helped them win the League Cup and the Premier League title.%


fabregas;cesc fabregas;Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for English club Chelsea and the Spain national team.

He came through La Masia, Barcelona's youth academy, leaving at 16 when he was signed by English Premier League side Arsenal in September 2003.%


fellaini;Marouane Fellaini;Belgian professional football player who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Manchester United and the Belgium national team.

Born in Etterbeek to Moroccan parents, He played youth football for Anderlecht, R.A.E.C. Mons, Royal Francs Borains and Charleroi S.C. before joining Standard Liège.
After winning the Belgian First Division and the Ebony Shoe as a Liège player, he moved to England to join Everton.%


gerrard;Steven Gerrard; English professional football coach and former professional footballer who serves as an academy coach at Liverpool.

He spent the majority of his playing career as a central midfielder for Liverpool and the England national team, with most of that time spent as club captain.
Regarded as one of the greatest midfielders of his generation, he was awarded the UEFA Club Footballer of the Year award in 2005, and the Ballon d'Or Bronze Award. In 2009, Zinedine Zidane and Pelé said that they considered Gerrard to be the best footballer in the world.%


hart;joe hart;English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for West Ham United, on loan from fellow Premier League club Manchester City, and for the England national team.

With over 100 Premier League clean sheets, he holds the joint record for the most Premier League Golden Glove awards (four) and has amassed 71 international caps since his debut in 2008.%


lampard;Frank Lampard;English former professional footballer and children's writer.

He is the all-time leading goalscorer for Chelsea, where he played for 13 years, and is considered by a number of journalists and football experts to be one of the greatest midfielders of his generation, in addition to being regarded as Chelsea's greatest ever player by some Chelsea players, such as previous record goal-scorer Bobby Tambling and long-term teammate John Terry.%


lloris;hugo lloris;French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper and is the captain of both English club Tottenham Hotspur and the France national team.

He is described as a goalkeeper who "boasts lightning reflexes and good decision-making" and is "a formidable opponent in one-on-one situations".
He also "commands his box well". He is a three-time winner of the National Union of Professional Footballers (UNFP) Ligue 1 Goalkeeper of the Year award.%


mata;Juan Mata;Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for English club Manchester United and the Spain national team.

He mostly plays as a central attacking midfielder, but he can also play on the wing.
He won the Golden Player award and was part of the Team of the Tournament.
He returned to the senior squad for UEFA Euro 2012 and, after coming on as a substitute, scored Spain's fourth goal in the final as Spain defeated Italy 4–0 to retain their title as champions of Europe.%


pato;Alexandre Pato;Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Chinese club Tianjin Quanjian as a forward.

He began his career as a youth player for Internacional in 2000, making his debut in 2006 at age 16. He went on to score 12 goals in 27 appearances and helped them win the 2006 FIFA Club World Cup.
In August 2007, he signed for Italian side Milan. In 2009, he scored 18 goals in 42 matches in all competitions, which earned him both the Golden Boy and Serie A Young Footballer of the Year awards.%


pique;Gerard Pique; Spanish professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for FC Barcelona and the Spain national team.

A product of Barça's cantera, La Masia, He initially left the club for Manchester United in 2004, where he remained for four years, before returning to Barça under Pep Guardiola's leadership, helping the club win trebles in 2008–09 and 2014–15.
He is one of four players to have won the UEFA Champions League two years in a row with different teams, the others being Marcel Desailly, Paulo Sousa and Samuel Eto'o.%


pjanic;miralem pjanic;Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Juventus and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.

After playing for French sides Metz and Lyon, he came to prominence during his time in Serie A with Roma, which led to a transfer to Juventus in 2016.
A former Luxembourgish youth international, he has been a full international for Bosnia and Herzegovina since 2008, earning over 70 caps. He represented the nation at their first major tournament, the 2014 FIFA World Cup.%


podolski;lukas podolski;German footballer who plays as a forward for Vissel Kobe.

He is regarded as one of the best German players of his generation, and among the best finishers in world football.
Famed for his extremely powerful and accurate left foot, he is known for his explosive shot, technique and probing attacks from the left side.%


ronaldobrasil;ronaldo;Brazilian retired professional footballer who played as a striker.

Popularly dubbed "O Fenômeno" (The Phenomenon), he is widely considered to be one of the greatest football players of all time.
In his 1990s prime, was known for his dribbling at speed, feints and clinical finishing.%


shaqiri;Xherdan Shaqiri;Swiss professional footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League club Stoke City, and the Switzerland national team.

He began his career at FC Basel, winning honours including three Swiss Super League titles, before moving to Bayern Munich, where he gained eight domestic and international honours despite playing less frequently. In January 2015, he moved to Inter Milan for a fee of €15 million, and seven months later to Stoke City for a club record £12 million.%


vanpersie;robin van persie;Dutch professional footballer who plays as a forward for Turkish Süper Lig club Fenerbahçe and the Netherlands national team.

He made his senior debut during the 2001–02 season, which culminated with victory in the 2002 UEFA Cup Final; he was also named as the Dutch Football Talent of the Year.
He has over 100 caps and has scored 50 goals for the Netherlands, making him their top scorer of all time. He has represented his country at the 2006, 2010 and 2014 FIFA World Cups, and the 2008 and 2012 UEFA European Championships.%


vardy;jamie vardy;English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Leicester City and the England national team.

After being released by Sheffield Wednesday at the age of sixteen, he began his senior career with Stocksbridge Park Steels, breaking into the first team in 2007 and spending three seasons before joining Northern Premier League club FC Halifax Town in 2010.
Scoring 26 goals in his debut season, he won the club's "Player's Player of the Year" award, then moved to Conference Premier club Fleetwood Town in August 2011 for an undisclosed fee.
He scored 31 league goals in his first season at his new team, winning the team's "Player of the Year" award as they won the division.%


young;Ashley Young;English professional footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League club Manchester United and the England national team.

He signed for Manchester United for an undisclosed fee. He has gone on to win every trophy available in English football, winning the Community Shield in 2011, the Premier League in 2013, the FA Cup in 2016 and the League Cup in 2017.
In May 2017, he won European silverware as part of the United squad that lifted the UEFA Europa League.%
