alaba;david alaba;Austrian professional footballer who plays for German club Bayern Munich and the Austria national team.

He holds Austria's record as the youngest player to play for their senior national team, debuting for them in 2009 as a 17-year-old.
A very versatile player, He has played in a multitude of roles, including central midfield, central defence, right and left wing, but has since blossomed as a left-back.%


buffon;gianluigi buffon;Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. He captains both Serie A club Juventus and the Italy national team.

He is widely regarded by players, pundits and managers to be one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time, and by some to be the greatest ever.
He is one of only eighteen players to have made at least 1,000 professional career appearances with 169 international caps, He is also the most capped player in the history of the Italian national team, the fifth-most capped male international footballer of all time, and the most capped European international player ever.%


chicharito;javier hernandez;Mexican professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club West Ham United and the Mexico national team.

He is commonly known by his nickname, Chicharito (Mexican Spanish: little pea), which he wears on his shirt.%


coutinho;philippe coutinho;Brazilian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder and winger for Premier League club Liverpool and the Brazil national team.

Born and raised in Rio de Janeiro, He showed prodigious talent and excelled in Vasco da Gama's youth system.%



dybala;paulo dybala;Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Juventus and the Argentina national team.

After beginning his career in Argentina with Instituto de Córdoba in 2011, he moved to Italian club Palermo in 2012.
His performances in Serie A later earned him a transfer to Juventus in 2015%


dzeko;edin dzeko; Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Roma and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team, for which he is captain.

He was named Bosnian Footballer of the Year for three years in a row. In Bosnia and Herzegovina, he is known as Bosanski dijamant (The Bosnian Diamond).
Prior to joining Roma, he played for Manchester City, but he made a name for himself while playing for German club Wolfsburg%


firmino;roberto firmino; Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Liverpool and the Brazil national team as an attacking midfielder, forward or winger.

Starting his career with Figueirense in 2009, he spent four-and-a-half seasons at Hoffenheim. His 16 goals in 33 games for the 2013–14 Bundesliga season earned him the award for the league's Breakthrough Player. In July 2015, he signed for Premier League club Liverpool.%


james;james rodriguez;Colombian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for German club Bayern Munich on loan from Real Madrid, and captains the Colombia national team.

He is commonly ranked as one of the best players of his generation. He is praised for his technique, vision and playmaking skills, and often referred as the successor to his compatriot Carlos Valderrama.%


juninho;juninho;Brazilian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.

Noted for his bending free kicks, he is widely considered to be one of the greatest dead-ball specialists of all time and holds the record for the highest number of goals scored through free kicks with 75, ahead of David Beckham who scored ten fewer.%


kane;harry kane;English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur and the England national team.

He made his first-team debut for Tottenham on 25 August 2011 in a UEFA Europa League match against Hearts.
Before establishing himself in Tottenham's first team, he spent time on loan in League One playing for Leyton Orient, in the Championship playing for Millwall and Leicester City and in the Premier League for Norwich City.%


kante;ngolo kante;French professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for English club Chelsea and the France national team.

He made his senior debut at Boulogne and then spent two seasons at Caen, the latter in Ligue 1.
In 2015, he joined Leicester City for a fee of £5.6 million and became an integral member of the club's first ever Premier League win in his only season at the club. The following year, he joined Chelsea for a reported fee of £32 million.%


kroos;toni kroos;German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Germany national team.

A member of Bayern Munich's first team at the age of 17, he played in a 18-month loan spell at Bayer Leverkusen, before going back to Munich and winning back-to-back Bundesliga titles and the 2012–13 Champions League.
After winning the FIFA World Cup in 2014, he joined Real Madrid on a six-year contract, for a fee of £20 million.%


mkhitaryan;henrikh mkhitaryan;Armenian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for English club Manchester United, as well as captaining the Armenia national team.

He is Armenia's all-time top goalscorer, scoring 22 goals in 64 international matches since his debut in January 2007, including their first hat-trick.
His previous clubs include Pyunik, where he came through the youth system, Metalurh Donetsk, Shakhtar Donetsk and Borussia Dortmund.%


muller;thomas muller;German professional footballer who plays for Bayern Munich, where he is vice-captain, and the Germany national team.

A very versatile player, he plays as a midfielder or forward, and has been deployed in a variety of attacking roles – as an attacking midfielder, second striker, centre forward and on either wing.
He has been praised for his positioning, teamwork and stamina, work-rate, and has shown consistency in scoring and creating goals.%


neuer;manuel neuer;German professional footballer who plays for Bundesliga club Bayern Munich and the Germany national team.

He is a goalkeeper and serves as captain for Bayern Munich and captain of Germany. Neuer has been described as a "sweeper-keeper" because of his unique playing style and speed when rushing off his line to anticipate opponents.
He is also known for his quick reflexes, excellent shot-stopping abilities, strength, long throwing range, command of his area and accurate control and distribution of the ball.%


puyol;carles puyol;Spanish retired professional footballer.

Mainly a central defender, he could also play on either flank, mostly as a right back, and was regarded as one of the best defenders of his generation.
A one-club man, he served as the long-time team captain for his only club Barcelona after taking over from Luis Enrique in August 2004, and went on to appear in 593 official games for the club and win 21 major titles, notably six La Liga trophies and three Champions League titles.%


ramos;sergio ramos;Spanish professional footballer who plays for and captains both Real Madrid and the Spain national team.

A central defender, he can also play as a right back.
After emerging through Sevilla's youth academy, he moved to Madrid in the summer of 2005. Since then, he has gone on to become a mainstay for Real Madrid where he has won 16 major honours and developed into one of La Liga's top scorers from a defensive position.%


rashford;marcus rashford;English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Premier League club Manchester United and the England national team.

A Manchester United player from the age of seven, he scored twice in both his first-team debut (UEFA Europa League) after the warm-up injury of striker Anthony Martial and in his first Premier League match in February 2016 (against Arsenal).
He also scored in his first Manchester derby match, and his first League Cup match.
He scored on his England debut in May 2016, becoming the youngest English player to score in his first senior international match. He was chosen for UEFA Euro 2016.%


degea;david de gea;Spanish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for English club Manchester United and the Spain national team.

He has been hailed as one of the best goalkeepers in the world.
Born in Madrid, He began his career aged 13 with Atlético Madrid and rose through the academy system at the club before making his senior debut in 2009.%



pirlo;andrea pirlo;Italian professional footballer who plays for American club New York City FC.

He is usually deployed as a deep-lying playmaker in midfield for both his club and national sides, and he is widely regarded as one of the greatest ever exponents of this position, due to his vision, ball control, creativity and passing ability; he is also a free-kick specialist.
Fellow players on the Italian national team have nicknamed Pirlo l'architetto ("the Architect"), because of the way in which he builds plays, and sets up goal-scoring opportunities with long, lobbed through passes.
In recent years, Juventus fans also dubbed him il professore ("the professor"), Maestro, and Mozart, as a reference to the Austrian composer's prodigious ability.%


