alba;jordi alba;Spanish professional footballer who plays for FC Barcelona and the Spain national team. Mainly a left-back and a player of great speed, he can also operate as a left winger.

He started his career at Barcelona, but was released for being deemed too small. After joining neighbouring Cornellà, he finished his development at Valencia, rising to prominence in La Liga with the club. In 2012, he returned to Barcelona.%


bellerin;hector bellerin;Spanish professional footballer who plays as a right-back for English club Arsenal and the Spain national team.

He started his career as an attacking winger for FC Barcelona, and credits his development as a successful right-back to Steve Bould upon his arrival at Arsenal in the summer of 2011.
His speedy pace, skilful dribbling on the ball, and crossing ability have also helped him in creating chances for his team. On 21 November 2016, he signed a long term contract that ties him to the club until 2022.%


davidluiz;david luiz;Brazilian professional footballer who plays for English club Chelsea and the Brazil national team. Primarily a central defender, he can also be deployed as a defensive midfielder.

After starting out at Vitória, he moved to Benfica, remaining with the club for five seasons (three complete). He joined Chelsea in January 2011, winning the UEFA Champions League and the FA Cup during the 2011–12 season, followed by the UEFA Europa League the following season.
In June 2014, he transferred to Paris Saint-Germain for a fee of £50 million, a world record transfer for a defender, and won all four domestic competitions in both of his seasons in French football. He returned to Chelsea in August 2016 in a £30 million transfer deal.%


eto;samuel eto'o;Cameroonian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club Antalyaspor.

He is the most decorated African player of all time, having won the African Player of the Year award a record four times: in 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2010. He was third in the FIFA World Player of the Year award in 2005.
He scored over 100 goals in five seasons with Barcelona, and is also the record holder in number of appearances by an African player in La Liga.
In 2010, he became the first player to win two European continental trebles following his back-to-back achievements with Barcelona and Inter Milan.%


giroud;Olivier Giroud;French footballer who plays as a forward for Premier League club Arsenal and the France national team.

He began his career at Grenoble in Ligue 2 before joining Tours in 2008. In his second season at Tours, he was the division's top scorer with 21 goals, earning him a move to top-flight side Montpellier.
He was again the top scorer with 21 goals in the 2011–12 season, giving the club their first ever Ligue 1 title before moving to Arsenal.%


honda;Keisuke Honda;Japanese professional footballer who plays for Liga MX club Pachuca and the Japan national team.

A versatile player, he usually plays as an attacking midfielder, but he can equally play as a winger or as a deep-lying playmaker, and has frequently featured as a right winger for Milan during the 2014–15 Serie A season.
A quick, creative, strong, and energetic player, he is also known for his accuracy from bending free-kicks, powerful striking ability from distance, dribbling skills, and delivery as a dead ball specialist.
He has earned over 80 international caps since 2008, playing at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, the 2014 FIFA World Cup and winning the 2011 AFC Asian Cup, where he was also voted Player of the Tournament.%


hummels;Mats Hummels;German professional footballer who plays as a central defender for FC Bayern Munich and the Germany national team.

He came through the Bayern Munich youth academy before joining Borussia Dortmund on loan in January 2008 and officially signing for Dortmund in February 2009 for €4 million.
His honours at the club include two league titles and finishing as runner up in the 2012–13 UEFA Champions League. In May 2016, Hummels signed a contract with former side Bayern, which took effect on 1 July 2016.%


kompany;Vincent Kompany;Belgian professional footballer who plays as a central defender and captains both English club Manchester City and the Belgium national team.

In the 2011–12 season he was awarded the captaincy of Manchester City, leading his club to win the Premier League that season, their first league title in 44 years. He is also chairman of Belgium D3B Division club BX Brussels.
He began his professional career at Anderlecht, spending three years at the Belgian club before moving to German Bundesliga club Hamburg in 2006.
In the summer of 2008, at the age of 22, he completed a transfer to his current club, Premier League side Manchester City.%


lahm;Philipp Lahm; German former professional footballer who played as a right back or defensive midfielder and spent much of his early career playing left back.

He was the captain of Bayern Munich, having skippered them to numerous honours including the 2013 UEFA Champions League as part of the Treble.
He is also a former captain of his national team, which he led to the 2014 FIFA World Cup, before retiring from international football.%


matic;nemanja matic;Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for English club Manchester United and the Serbia national team.

He is known for his consistent performances on the pitch and his combative style of play.
He moved to English club Chelsea for £1.5 million in 2009. Used sparingly during his first spell at Stamford Bridge, he spent the 2010–11 season on loan at Dutch club Vitesse, and in January 2011, he moved to Benfica in a swap deal involving David Luiz.
He won the Primeira Liga Player of the Year award for his performances in the 2012–13 season. He returned to Chelsea in January 2014, for £21 million.
He was named in the PFA Team of the Year for the 2014–15 season. In July 2017, he was reunited with former Chelsea manager José Mourinho after signing for Manchester United.%


nani;luis nani;Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a winger for Spanish club Valencia and the Portugal national team.

Although predominantly right-footed, he has been utilised on the left wing on many occasions.
He made his professional debut with the club in 2005 and won the Portuguese Cup during his second season with them.
He was named the SJPF Young Player of the Month for May 2007 and his performances with Sporting culminated into a move to English club Manchester United in July 2007 for a fee of €25 million.%


nasri;samir nasri;French professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Antalyaspor.

He primarily plays as an attacking midfielder and a winger, although he has also been deployed in central midfield.
He is known for his dribbling, ball control and passing ability.Of Algerian ancestry, he is described as a player whose "vision and imagination make him an unpredictable opponent".
His playing style, ability, and cultural background have drawn comparisons to French legend Zinedine Zidane.%


obimikel;John Obi Mikel;Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Chinese club Tianjin TEDA in the Chinese Super League and the Nigeria national team.%


ramsey;Aaron Ramsey;Welsh professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Arsenal and the Wales national team.

He mainly plays as a box-to-box midfielder, but has also been deployed on the left and right wings.
He moved to Arsenal in 2008 in a £5 million deal, where he quickly gained first team experience. However, his career stalled significantly after he suffered a broken leg in a match against Stoke City in February 2010.
After two loan spells away from Arsenal, he returned to full fitness and re-established himself as a regular starter during the 2011–12 season.%


rojo;Marcos Rojo;Argentine professional footballer who plays for Manchester United and the Argentina national team as a defender.

He began his career at local club Estudiantes de La Plata, where he won the Copa Libertadores in 2009 and played in the Club World Cup Final later that year.
After a short spell with Spartak Moscow he joined Sporting CP in 2012, and transferred to Manchester United for £16 million two years later.%


sturridge;Daniel Sturridge; English professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Liverpool and the England national team.

Born in Birmingham, he spent four years in the Aston Villa academy before moving to Coventry City. He then signed for Manchester City in 2003.
He continued his development at City and played in two FA Youth Cup finals. He made his first-team debut in the 2007–08 season, becoming the only player ever to score in the FA Youth Cup, FA Cup and Premier League in the same season.
He left City in 2009 and signed for Chelsea, where he was loaned out to Bolton Wanderers for the second half of the 2010–11 season. After a successful spell at Bolton, scoring eight goals in 12 appearances, he returned to Chelsea for the 2011–12 season.
He left Chelsea to join Liverpool in January 2013.%


tevez;Carlos Tevez;Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Shanghai Shenhua and the Argentina national team.

His energy, skill, and goal scoring rate have made him an indispensable player for his club sides throughout his career, in the eyes of fellow players and media alike.
He began his career with Boca Juniors, winning the Copa Libertadores and Intercontinental Cup in 2003 before moving to Corinthians where he won the Brasileiro. In 2006, he moved to West Ham United, helping the team remain in the Premier League in his only season.
He's prolonged transfers to West Ham and Manchester United were plagued by issues regarding third-party ownership by Media Sports Investment, and their resulting sagas paved changes to both Premier League and FIFA regulations.%


villa;david villa;Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker and is the captain for New York City FC.

He is nicknamed El Guaje (The Kid in Asturian) because as a youngster he frequently played football with children much older than him.
Despite sustaining a serious injury as a child, he started his professional career with Sporting de Gijón.
He moved to Real Zaragoza after two seasons, where he made his La Liga debut, winning the Copa del Rey and Supercopa de España.
He joined Valencia CF in 2005 for a transfer fee of €12 million and was part of the Valencia team that won the Copa del Rey in the 2007–08 season.%


walcott;Theo Walcott;English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Premier League club Arsenal and the England national team.

He also won the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year award which he was awarded in 2006.
He is a product of the Southampton Academy and started his career with Southampton before joining Arsenal for £5 million in 2006.
His speedy pace and ball crossing led his manager Arsène Wenger to deploy him on the wing for most of his career. Walcott has been played as a striker since the 2012–13 season where he was Arsenal's topscorer.%


xabi;xabi alonso;Spanish former footballer who played as a central midfielder.

He began his career at Real Sociedad, the main team of his home province Gipuzkoa. After a brief loan period at Eibar, he was appointed as team captain of Real Socieded by then-manager John Toshack.
He succeeded in the role, taking the club to second place in the 2002–03 season. He moved to Liverpool in August 2004 for £10.5 million and won the UEFA Champions League in his first season
He moved to Real Madrid for the start of the 2009–10 season in a deal worth around £30 million.
After winning honours including a league title in 2012 and the Champions League in 2014 during five seasons in Madrid, he was signed by German club Bayern Munich on a two-year contract.%
