aduriz;Aritz Aduriz;Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao as a striker.

Known for his aerial ability and first touch, he spent most of his career with Athletic Bilbao, scoring over 100 goals across all competitions for the team.
He also surpassed a century of goals in La Liga, in which he additionally represented Mallorca and Valencia.%


crouch;Peter Crouch;English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Stoke City.

He was capped 42 times by the England national team between 2005 and 2010, scoring 22 goals for his country in that time, and appearing at two World Cups.
After scoring 42 goals in three seasons at Anfield, Portsmouth re-acquired him for £11 million, where he forged an effective partnership with fellow England international Jermain Defoe.
He spent just one season in his second spell at Portsmouth and left for Tottenham Hotspur, where he again linked up with Defoe and Harry Redknapp.%


dempsey;Clint Dempsey;American professional soccer player who plays as a forward for Seattle Sounders FC in Major League Soccer (MLS) and has served as the captain of the United States national team.

He has also played for New England Revolution, Fulham and Tottenham Hotspur.
Growing up in Nacogdoches, Texas, Dempsey played for one of the top youth soccer clubs in the state, the Dallas Texans, before playing for Furman University's men's soccer team. In 2004, Dempsey was drafted by the MLS club, New England Revolution, where he quickly integrated himself into the starting lineup.%


depay;Memphis Depay;Dutch professional footballer who plays as a winger for French club Lyon and the Netherlands national team.

He was named the "Best Young Player" in the world in 2015 by France Football.
He is widely considered to be one of the brightest young talents in European football and the most exciting young player to emerge from the Eredivisie since compatriot Arjen Robben.
He is known for his ability to cut inside, dribbling, distance shooting and ability to play the ball off the ground.
His playing style has earned him acclaim, with fans, media and former players drawing comparison to Portuguese forward Cristiano Ronaldo, who believes "He is one of the best young players in the world", while Louis van Gaal, Ronald Koeman, Guus Hiddink, Arjen Robben, Marco van Basten and Wayne Rooney have stated "he will be the best in the world".%


elshaarawy;Stephan El Shaarawy;Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Serie A club Roma and the Italy national team.

He is nicknamed Il Faraone (The Pharaoh), as his father is Egyptian.
He began his career at Genoa, and was signed by Milan in 2011 after a successful loan at Padova. Frequently regarded as one of the most promising youngsters of his generation, in 2012 He was named one of the top players born after 1991 by Don Balón, and he was listed 52nd in The Guardian' s list of the best footballers in the world.
He spent the 2015–16 season on loan with Monaco and subsequently Roma.%


gibbs;Kieran Gibbs;English professional footballer who plays as a left back for Premier League club Arsenal and the England national team.

He began his senior career with Arsenal in 2007, after joining the club from the Wimbledon academy in 2004.
He began as a winger, moving to left back after a loan spell with Norwich City in the 2007–08 season – the same season that saw him make his Arsenal debut.
He made his full England debut in a friendly against Hungary at Wembley Stadium on 11 August 2010.%


godin;Diego Godin;Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Atlético Madrid and the Uruguay national team as a central defender.

He spent most of his professional career in Spain, representing Villarreal and Atlético Madrid and winning six major titles with the latter.
An Uruguayan international since 2005, He appeared for the country at two World Cups and four Copa América tournaments, winning the 2011 edition of the latter competition.%


henderson;Jordan Henderson;English professional footballer who captains Premier League club Liverpool.

He also plays for the England national team and is usually deployed as a central midfielder for both club and country.
He began his career at Sunderland in 2008, with a loan spell at Coventry City in 2009, before moving to Liverpool in 2011.
He became captain of Liverpool in 2015 following the departure of Steven Gerrard. In 2010, Henderson won his first cap for England, having previously played for and captained the under-21 team.
He has represented the country at UEFA Euro 2012 and the 2014 FIFA World Cup.%


januzaj;adnan januzaj; Belgian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Spanish club Real Sociedad.

Born and raised in Brussels, he began his career with Anderlecht before joining Manchester United in 2011 at the age of 16.
He broke into the Manchester United first team under manager David Moyes during the 2013–14 season, but struggled for opportunities under Moyes' successors Louis van Gaal and José Mourinho, and had loan spells at Borussia Dortmund and Sunderland before joining Real Sociedad in July 2017.
He made his full international debut in 2014 and later that year played for Belgium at the World Cup.%


koscielny;Laurent Koscielny;French footballer who plays as a centre-back for English club Arsenal and the France national team.

He is the vice-captain of Arsenal.
He has been described as a clever, agile and ball-playing defender.
He was born in the city of Tulle and began his football career playing for a host of amateur and youth clubs such as Brive, Tulle Corrèze and Limoges. In 2003, he moved to Guingamp, where he made his professional debut the following year.%


matuidi;Blaise Matuidi;French professional footballer who plays for Serie A club Juventus and the France national team as a central midfielder.

He is described as a "fierce and strong tackler".[2] Matuidi began his football career playing for amateur clubs in the Île-de-France region, such as US Fontenay-sous-Bois and CO Vincennois.
In 1999, he was selected to attend the prestigious Clairefontaine academy. After departing Clairefontaine, Matuidi joined semi-professional club Créteil and spent three years developing in the club's youth academy.
In 2004, he signed with professional club Troyes and made his professional debut in the 2004–05 season.%


mertesacker;Per Mertesacker;German professional footballer who plays as a centre back and captain of English club Arsenal.

He also played for the Germany national team but retired in August 2014 after winning the World Cup.
He is a youth product of Hannover 96 and he made his senior league debut in November 2003. He was soon dubbed "the Defence Pole" ("die Abwehrlatte") by German tabloids and gained a reputation for his good disciplinary record, going 31 Bundesliga games without being booked.
Since joining Arsenal, their fans have nicknamed him "the BFG", which is short for "Big Fucking German" and an allusion to Roald Dahl's The BFG due to his height.
He has been described as an imposing, reliable, dominant and an accomplished defender.%


moura;Lucas Moura;Brazilian footballer who plays as a right winger for French club Paris Saint-Germain and the Brazil national football team.%


nainggolan;Radja Nainggolan; Belgian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Roma and the Belgium national team.

Nicknamed Il Ninja, he spent most of his professional career in Italy, representing Piacenza, Cagliari and Roma and making over 250 Serie A appearances.
A Belgium international since 2009, He appeared for the country at Euro 2016.%


payet;Dimitri Payet;French professional footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club Olympique de Marseille and the France national team.

A set-piece specialist, known for his accurate, bending free kicks, he primarily plays as an attacking midfielder, and is described as a player who is "blessed with terrific technique and dribbling skills".%


pedro;pedro;Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward or a winger for Premier League club Chelsea and the Spain national team.

He scored 99 goals in 320 appearances across all competitions for Barcelona from 2008 to 2015, winning 20 major honours including five La Liga titles and the UEFA Champions League three times.
During the 2009–10 season, he became the first player in history to score in six different official club competitions in one season.%


schurrle;Andre Schurrle; German professional footballer who plays as a forward for Borussia Dortmund[3] and the Germany national team.

He began his career at FSV Mainz 05 in 2009, spending two years at the club before a £6.5 million transfer to Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
His performances there gained the attention of Chelsea, who signed him for a reported £18 million in 2013.
He played one-and-a-half Premier League seasons at the English club before joining VfL Wolfsburg for £22 million in January 2015, winning the DFB-Pokal and DFL-Supercup in his first year.%


smalling;Chris Smalling;English professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Premier League club Manchester United and the England national team.

During his youth, He played for the Millwall academy before joining non-League club Maidstone United. After establishing himself in the Maidstone United first team, he signed for Middlesbrough in May 2008.
However, shortly after joining Middlesbrough, He had his contract with the club cancelled after raising concerns over homesickness. Soon after, in June 2008, he signed for Premier League club Fulham.
He made his professional debut with them in May 2009 and helped them reach the 2010 UEFA Europa League Final the following season.%


szczesny;Wojciech Szczesny;Polish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Italian club Juventus and the Poland national team.

After starting his career at Legia Warsaw, He signed for Arsenal in 2006, where he made his professional debut in 2009.
He later became the club's first choice goalkeeper, winning two FA Cups and being the joint recipient (with Petr Čech) of the 2013–14 Premier League Golden Glove.
He has earned more than 25 caps for Poland from his debut in 2009, and was included in the nation's squad as it co-hosted UEFA Euro 2012.%


thiago;Thiago Alcantara;Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for German club FC Bayern Munich.

Born in Italy to Brazilian parents, his father being former footballer and World Cup champion Mazinho, He joined FC Barcelona aged 14, and made his first team debut in 2009.
After winning honours including four La Liga titles, the UEFA Champions League and the FIFA Club World Cup for Barcelona, he was signed by Bayern for €25 million in 2013. At Bayern, he has won seven trophies, including the Bundesliga in each of his first three seasons.%
