adam;Charlie Adam;Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Stoke City and the Scotland national team.

He shone in his first season in the Premier League, his performances being recognised with a nomination for the PFA Players' Player of the Year in April 2011.
However, Blackpool were relegated and consequently he transferred to Liverpool in July 2011. After one season at Anfield Adam joined Stoke City in August 2012 for a fee of £4 million.%


arshavin;Andrey Arshavin;Russian professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for FC Kairat in the Kazakhstan Premier League.

He began his career at Zenit Saint Petersburg in 2000. He won numerous trophies with the club until his departure in 2009.
the Russian Premier League, Russian Premier League Cup, Russian Super Cup, UEFA Cup and the UEFA Super Cup. During his time with Zenit, He was named Russian Footballer of the Year.
Following a breakout performance at UEFA Euro 2008 where he impressed in the Russia national team's run to the semi-final, He signed for English Premier League club Arsenal during the 2008–09 winter transfer window, becoming the most expensive player in Arsenal's history at the time, with a fee of £15 million.%


ballack;Michael Ballack;German footballer. He is among the top goal scorers in the history of the German national team.

He wore the number 13 shirt for every team he has played for, save for 1. FC Kaiserslautern. He was selected by Pelé as one of FIFA's 125 Greatest Living Players, and as the UEFA Club Midfielder of the Year in 2002.
He won the German Footballer of the Year award three times – in 2002, 2003 and 2005.
He was known for his passing range, powerful shot, physical strength and commanding presence in midfield.%


cantona;Eric Cantona;French actor and former international footballer for the French national team.

He played for Auxerre, Martigues, Marseille, Bordeaux, Montpellier, Nîmes and Leeds United before ending his career at Manchester United where he won four Premier League titles in five years and two League and FA Cup Doubles.
He won the league championship in seven of his last eight full seasons as a professional.
A large, physically strong, hard-working, and tenacious forward, who combined technical skill and creativity with power and goalscoring ability, He is often regarded as having played a key role in the revival of Manchester United as a footballing force in the 1990s and having an iconic status at the club.%


cole;ashley cole;English professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Los Angeles Galaxy in Major League Soccer.

He is considered by many critics and fellow professional players as one of the best defenders of his generation, and by some, for the better part of his career, as the best left-back in the world.
Born in Stepney, London, He began his youth career at Arsenal and made his full debut for the club in November 1999, going on to make 228 appearances and scoring nine goals for the North London club.
With Arsenal he won two Premier League titles, three FA Cups, and was an integral member of "The Invincibles" team of the 2003–04 season, who went the entire league season undefeated.
He also made an appearance in Arsenal's first UEFA Champions League final in 2006. The club lost 2–1 to Barcelona.%


demichelis;Martin Demichelis;Argentine retired professional footballer who played usually as a central defender, although he could also operate as a defensive midfielder.

He spent most of his professional career with Bayern Munich in Germany (seven and a half years), winning 11 major titles with the team.
He also competed in his home country with River Plate, in Spain with Espanyol and Málaga and in England with Manchester City.%


donnarumma;Gianluigi Donnarumma;Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Milan and the Italy national team.

He began his career with Milan in 2015, becoming the second youngest goalkeeper ever to debut in Serie A, aged 16 years and 242 days.
He immediately broke into the starting line-up, earning a reputation as one of the most promising young goalkeepers in the world.
He also broke the record as the youngest Italy under-21 player ever to play, aged 17 years and 28 days in March 2016.
Six months later, he made his senior international debut, becoming the youngest goalkeeper ever to appear for Italy, aged 17 years and 189 days.%


donovan;Landon Donovan;American former professional soccer player who played as a forward and attacking midfielder.

He holds numerous individual records in Major League Soccer and for the United States national team and is widely regarded as the greatest American men's soccer player of all time.
In Major League Soccer, He won a record six MLS Cups and is both the league's all-time top scorer with 145 goals and the league's all-time assists leader with 136.%


fletcher;Steven Fletcher;Scottish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Sheffield Wednesday and the Scotland national team.

He began his club career with Hibernian, playing in 156 Scottish Premier League games and scoring 43 goals.
English club Burnley paid a club record transfer fee of £3 million to sign him in June 2009.
He was their top goalscorer in the 2009–10 season with eight league goals, but the club were relegated from the Premier League.%


gattuso;Gennaro Gattuso;Italian football manager in charge of A.C. Milan Primavera and a former footballer.

As a player, he mainly played in the centre as a defensive midfielder, although he was also capable of playing on the wing.
Although he initially played for smaller Italian clubs Perugia and Salernitana, as well as Scottish club Rangers, he is mostly remembered for his time with Milan in Serie A, where he won the Champions League, in 2002–03 and 2006–07, the Coppa Italia in 2002–03, and also the Serie A title in 2003–04 and 2010–11.
In addition to these titles, he also won two Italian Supercups, two UEFA Supercups, and a FIFA Club World Cup. At international level, he represented the Italy national football team at the 2000 Summer Olympics, three FIFA World Cups, two UEFA European Championships, and the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup.%


karpin;Valeri Karpin;Russian association football manager and a former midfielder, primarily a right midfielder.

At club level, he has played for Fakel Voronezh (1989), Spartak Moscow (1990–94), Real Sociedad (1994–96 and 2002–05), Valencia CF (1996–97), and Celta Vigo (1997–2002).
He retired at the end of the 2004–05 season with Real Sociedad.%


joecole;joe cole;English professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for United Soccer League club Tampa Bay Rowdies.

He started his career with West Ham United, where, after breaking into the first team in January 1999, he played more than 120 Premier League games over five seasons.
He was one of a number of players who left West Ham in the summer of 2003, after the club had been relegated to the Football League First Division, with him signing for Chelsea.
He spent seven seasons at Chelsea, playing over 280 games in all competitions and winning ten trophies, including three Premier League titles, two FA Cups and two League Cups.
He left Chelsea on a free transfer in July 2010 to join Liverpool, who a year later loaned him to Lille. After a season in France, he returned to Liverpool before re-joining West Ham in January 2013.
He signed for Aston Villa in June 2014, then joined Coventry City on loan in October 2015, joining on a permanent deal in January 2016.%


jovetic;Stevan Jovetic;Montenegrin professional footballer who plays as a striker for Inter Milan and the Montenegro national team.

His primary position is a second striker, although he can also operate as an attacking midfielder or a winger.
He is known for his dribbling, technical ability, and creativity. His playing style has led to comparisons with Roberto Baggio.
He began his career with FK Partizan, winning the double of Serbian Superliga and Serbian Cup in 2008, then joined ACF Fiorentina for an approx. €10.8 million.
In five seasons at the Italian club, he scored 40 times in 134 matches, prompting an approx. €26.7 million transfer to Manchester City. In his first season in England, he won the League Cup and the Premier League.%


klose;miroslav klose;German retired professional footballer who last played as a striker for Italian club Lazio and Germany. He is currently a member of the Germany national team's coaching staff.

He is best known for his performances with the Germany national team. He was part of the German squad that won the 2014 FIFA World Cup, having previously finished second (2002) and third (2006, 2010) in the competition, and as runner-up in UEFA Euro 2008.
He is the top goalscorer in the history of the FIFA World Cup, having scored five goals in his debut World Cup in 2002 and having won the Golden Boot at the 2006 World Cup in Germany by again scoring five times.
He also scored four times in the 2010 World Cup and twice at the 2014 World Cup, which put him ahead of Ronaldo in the all-time list with 16 goals.
He is also the top scorer of all time for Germany, which never lost a game in which Klose scored.
He retired from Germany's national team on 11 August 2014 shortly after Germany's victory at the 2014 World Cup.%


lemar;Thomas Lemar;French footballer who currently plays for Ligue 1 club AS Monaco and France national team.

He is known for his versatility, able to play on both wings and through the centre. Features of his game include excellent dribbling and passing ability.
He began his senior career at Caen in 2013. He played 32 times for the club before moving to Monaco for £3.4 million in 2015.
He has represented France at every level from U17 to U21 and made his international senior debut in 2016 against Ivory Coast.%


materazzi;Marco Materazzi; Italian former professional footballer who was last the manager of Indian Super League club Chennaiyin.

At the beginning of his career, Materazzi played with various Italian teams in Serie B and Serie C, and with Everton in the Premier League.
He spent two periods with Perugia (1995–98 and 1999–2001) and signed for Internazionale, in 2001 for €10 million. At club level, he won a number of major honors with Inter including five Serie A league titles in a row from 2006 to 2010, one UEFA Champions League, one FIFA Club World Cup, four Coppa Italia titles, and the Supercoppa Italiana four times.
He earned 41 caps for Italy from his debut in 2001 until 2008, playing in two World Cups and two European Championships. He was one of the key players in the 2006 FIFA World Cup Final against France, as he scored Italy's goal and later, in extra time, he received a headbutt from Zinedine Zidane, who was punished with a red card.
Italy then went on to win the World Cup in a penalty shoot-out, during which Materazzi scored again.%


parkjisung;Park Ji sung;South Korean former footballer who currently serves as a club ambassador at Manchester United.

He was the captain of the South Korea national team until his retirement from international football. He is the most successful Asian footballer in history, having won 19 trophies in his career and is the first Asian footballer to have won the UEFA Champions League trophy.
First Asian footballer to play in a UEFA Champions League final, as well as the first Asian footballer to have won the FIFA Club World Cup.
He is able to play anywhere across the midfield and is noted for his exceptional fitness level, discipline, work ethic and off-the-ball movement.
His remarkable endurance levels and pace earned him the nickname "Three-Lungs".%


redondo;fernando redondo;Argentine retired footballer.

A defensive midfielder with the ability to contribute both offensively and creatively, he played one full decade in La Liga, mainly for Real Madrid, then finished his career (curtailed by several injury problems) in Italy, with Milan.
He was a member of the Argentine national team in the 1990s, representing the nation in the 1994 World Cup, and also winning the 1992 King Fahd Cup and the 1993 Copa América.%


vannistelrooy;Ruud van Nistelrooy;Dutch footballer and a current manager for the PSV youth team.

He began his career with Den Bosch, before moving onto Heerenveen, eventually making a name for himself at PSV, where he won two Eredivisie titles.
His goalscoring record at PSV attracted attention from Manchester United, a deal was in place in the summer of 2000, but because of injury problems, his move was secured a year later for a then British record fee of £19 million.
His time at United was successful, winning the Premier League, FA Cup, Football League Cup and FA Community Shield, along with winning the Sir Matt Busby Player of the Year twice.
He hit 150 goals in just 219 games for United, as well as becoming, at the time, their all time European record goalscorer, but fell out of favour towards the end of his tenure.
Real Madrid then secured his services in 2006. Although an injury blighted the end of his days with Madrid, he did win La Liga twice and the Supercopa de España before signing for Hamburger SV during the January transfer window in 2010.
After one-and-a-half seasons with Hamburg, he moved back to Spain with Málaga in the summer of 2011. His retirement from football was announced on 14 May 2012.%


vidic;nemanja vidic;Serbian retired professional footballer. He was part of the Serbia national team from 2002 to 2011.

He collected a host of honours in his United career, including three consecutive Premier League titles (five titles in total), the UEFA Champions League, the FIFA World Club Cup, three League Cup medals, as well as being included in three consecutive (four in total) PFA Team of the Year sides from 2007 to 2009.
In the 2008–09 season, he helped United to a record-breaking run of 14 consecutive clean sheets and was awarded the Premier League Player of the Season award.
He also collected both the club's Fans' and Players' Player of the Year awards. The 2010–11 season would also mark further personal accolades for him, most notably clinching his second Premier League Player of the Season award. A feat that only Thierry Henry and Cristiano Ronaldo had achieved before him.%